> Life is Magic
>  by the7Saviors
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> I am...
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

A light.

There, shining in the Darkness like a beacon of hope. I could scarcely believe what I was seeing—indeed, I was shocked to find I could see. Wrapped in pitch black Darkness for so long, I was all but certain I had either lost my sight or never had any sight to begin with.

Yet there it was, a single point of light in the distance.

To my further surprise, more dots of light appeared one by one, blinking into existence without a sound until I was completely surrounded by the tiny motes on all sides. What I found strange, was that these lights did nothing to brighten the all consuming Darkness around me.

They merely popped into existence, offering nothing but their radiance, but after having seen nothing for so long, their brilliant shine was enough for me. The lights didn't stop there however.

Soon enough, they began to shift, moving this way and that in a slow, almost hypnotic motion. Even as I watched, they began to move faster and faster until they were nothing but lines of white in my vision.

Quickly becoming disoriented by the display, I closed my eyes and turned away. But no matter where I looked, I couldn't escape it. I had looked upon that first spot of light with wonder and curiosity shining in my eyes.

Now I just wanted it to stop.

I just wanted my peaceful Darkness back, I wanted the dizzying lights to go away, I wanted to go back to sleep.

Sleep?

I had... been asleep?

Why was I sleeping? How long had I been asleep? If I had been asleep, then how did I know I had spent such a long time trapped in the Darkness? All of these questions fought for dominance in my mind as I continued to shut my eyes against the maddening spiral of bright lights, but one question eventually won out in the end.

Why did I wake up?

My thoughts screeched to a halt as an ear piercing wail rang out from seemingly everywhere at once. Somehow I knew that the sound wasn't a natural thing and it shook me to my core. The sound seemed to reverberate through every fiber of my being, and I found it impossible to shut out.

Then it stopped.

Just like that, everything was returned to its quiet peaceful state. Opening my eyes, I was shocked to see that I was no longer enveloped in Darkness, nor was I a victim to the bright disorienting lights I had seen before.

I was... in a grassy open field.

Terribly confused, I looked around and saw that I was beneath the shade of a drooping willow tree. I furrowed my brow and looked down to see a book opened to a specific page, and my attention was immediately ripped away from the book as I spotted two strange appendages before me.

I raised one of the appendages and was bemused to see that there was an odd stump, with the rest of the limb covered in what looked and felt like lavender fur.

No, not a stump... a hoof.

I blinked and looked around, wondering where I was and what had happened to my comforting Darkness. Then my thoughts shifted to myself and what I even was. In that eternal Darkness, I had no real form, no real substance or matter—I wasn't even sure I really existed at all. 

It was only when I saw that first speck of light that I began to get a sense of... well... my senses. It was only when I had first seen those lights that I had even known I was asleep, but now I was awake... and I wanted to know why.

There were things, words, memories that came unbidden to my mind as I puzzled at what I was seeing. Grass, field, the willow tree, the book, these hooves. I had no business knowing what any of this was, yet the knowledge of them came easily to me.

In fact, the more I thought, the more knowledge came to me.

Knowledge of where I was.

Knowledge of what I was supposed to be.

Knowledge of who I was supposed to be.

It seemed my name was Twilight Sparkle, which was odd because I was fairly sure I wasn't anypony or anything to begin with.

Wait... anypony?

...Yes.

That felt... right somehow.

As I sat there under the shade of tree, I continued to let the knowledge wash over me, taking in every scrap of information I could like a sponge. After what felt like an hour, I blinked and looked down at the book I had apparently been reading.

The Elements of... Harmony?

Intrigued, I scanned the book and discovered the story of two sisters and the struggle that tore them apart. Emotions ran high and in the end, one sister had to banish the other for her wicked intentions by using these 'Elements of Harmony'.

Emotion.

A simple word with a lot of weight behind it. Emotion could be both a wondrous and ruinous thing, and as I read, I could see the consequences negative emotion in excess wrought in this world.

Interesting.

In this place... in Equestria, emotion—whether it was wondrous or ruinous, whether it was positive or negative—was a very powerful thing indeed. For reasons I could not fathom just then, I felt a strong desire to know more about this world and these 'emotions'.

I needed to know if I too was susceptible to such a thing, and I doubted I would find out by sitting here. I looked around for a moment and spotted a pair of saddlebags lying a small ways away.

With a flick of my horn, I bathed the saddlebags in a magenta aura and floated them onto my back. Opening the latch on one of them, I closed the book and levitated that into the bag.

With that done, I trotted across the field until I came across a stone pathway. With the knowledge I had gained, I knew the way to go, and made for the tower with spiral staircase—my tower—at a leisurely pace.

As I trotted, I thought more about who I was and what I meant to the ponies of this place. I was a smart mare, studious, curious, and rather antisocial. Still I had done well for myself, as I was apparently the personal protege to the Princess of this land.

Interesting.

I also knew that I had an assistant waiting for me back in my tower. A dragon if memory served, and somehow I got the feeling he was an unorthodox assistant all things considered.

It was strange.

There were many things that came to me, and many things that I remembered, but there were some things that escaped me. Whatever I was supposed to be doing before I woke up beneath the willow tree was completely lost to me and I found myself rather annoyed that I couldn't remember.

Ah, so it seems I'm susceptible to some emotion after all.

Good... very good.

I was snapped out of my musings as I heard a voice from up ahead.

"There you are, Twilight!"

I blinked and looked up to see three mares blocking my path. I froze and stared at the three, studying their features and how they differed from me. They had different colored coats, manes, and tails. They were unicorns like me, but I could sense that they weren't nearly as powerful when it came to raw magical ability.

Magic was something else I had gained knowledge of—a lot of knowledge of—and it was rather fascinating, though somehow I doubted being able to passively sense magic was normal for ponies, even unicorns.

Interesting.

As I brought my focus back to the three mares, I was surprised to see two of them looked rather nervous, shifting their hooves uncomfortably and turning away from me. I found it odd, but paid it no mind as I searched my memory for any recognition.

Twinkleshine, Lemon Hearts, and... Minuette.

They were supposed to be old friends, but I found I couldn't really muster up any sort of joy at meeting them here. Still, this would give me a chance to interact with my fellow equines and I wouldn't pass up the opportunity.

"Uh... Twilight?" the light blue mare, Minuette asked nervously, "are you... okay? You've kinda been staring at us for the last minute or so..."

"Yeah, it's... kinda creepy," Twinkleshine added, furrowing her brow, "we were gonna invite you over to the west castle courtyard for Moon Dancer's get-together, but if you're not feeling up to it, we'd understand."

Lemon Hearts merely nodded, looking somewhat unsettled for some reason.

I didn't want to let this chance slip through my hooves, so I decided to reassure them, let them know everything was okay. I opened my mouth to tell them I'd be delighted to go, and...









AndthentherewasscreamingsomuchscreamingIdontknowwhytheyrescreamingIwantthemtostopIneedthemtostopIcantstandthescreamingpleasestopscreamingpleasestopscreamingstopscreamingstopscreamingforcelestiassakepleasestopscreamingithurtsithurtsithurtsITHURTSPLEASESTOPSCREAMINGSTOPSCREAMINGSTOPSTOPSTOPSTOPST—









There was a noticeable spring in my step as I trotted towards the tower's spiral staircase. I couldn't help but marvel at how invigorated I felt after talking to my friends and at how good it felt to feel... well... good. I resolved to talk to ponies more often, though, thinking back on it, my friends never did tell me when the party was.

Either way, aside from a bit of... unpleasantness, I was thoroughly enjoying these emotions, and talking to Twinkleshine, Lemon Hearts, and Minuette had been a great learning experience.

Now I was confident I could talk to anypony.

I set those thoughts aside for now, trotting up the spiral staircase outside the tower and stopping just outside of the entrance. I took a moment to look out over the horizon and my eyes widened in wonder at what I saw.

Knowing that I was on a mountain that overlooked vast rolling green hills, lush forests, and a quaint looking village in the distance was one thing. The memory was there, but I hadn't experienced it for myself until now, and to see the view for myself was an absolutely awe inspiring experience indeed.

Satisfied, I turned and pulled the door open with my magic before stepping inside.

It was exactly as I expected it to be. The tower was filled with bookshelves that lined every wall, every nook and cranny was crammed with literature and the only space that wasn't stacked to the rafters with books was the large windows that took the place of the walls.

"Twilight?"

I looked down to see a purple dragon hatchling standing in front of me and looking rather surprised at my sudden entrance. He was holding some kind of red package wrapped with yellow ribbon.

A gift.

It seemed I had found Spike, and apparently he hadn't expected me to be back so soon from... whatever it was I was supposed to be doing originally. He took a step back and furrowed his brow.

"I didn't think you'd be back already," he said with a bemused frown, "weren't you supposed to be browsing the Royal Archives for another half hour or so? I was gonna meet you there so we could go to Moon Dancer's party," he held up the gift, with a proud smile, "I even got her a present!"

I was taken aback by this development.

I hadn't known Spike already knew about the party, and had no idea what to say. I never got a chance to find out when the party was, but if Spike knew about it, then maybe he could tell me and we could both go.

It would give me a chance to talk to more ponies.

"Hey, uh... Twilight?" Spike asked, lowering the gift and giving me a concerned frown, "you alright there? You look a bit... out of it."

I really needed to work on responding in a timely manner. There was still so much to learn about communication, but I would get it eventually. It would just take some practice. I shook my head and attempted to give the baby dragon a reassuring smile, opening my mouth to speak once more.

"I'm perfectly fine, Spike, and I'd love to go to the party with you," I replied sweetly, "I'm sure that Moon Dancer would love whatever present you got for her."


Spike froze.


He took a step back and visibly shivered before narrowing his eyes. I frowned in bemusement at his reaction and took a step forward.

"Spike? Is something wrong?"

"Stop," he said suddenly, "Twilight, what's going on here?"

I retreated back a step and furrowed my brow in further confusion.

"What?" I asked with a tilt of my head, "what are you talking about?"

"What am I—" he shook his head vigorously and glared at me "—Twilight, why do you sound like Minuette?"

I stared at the little dragon blankly as I tried to determine why this seemed to be a problem. Even sifting through every memory I possessed of my time before I had woken up, I couldn't find one instance of me ever having a different voice... or any voice for that matter.

Interesting.

If Spike's reaction was anything to go by however, I was supposed to have a completely different voice. Apparently I did have a voice of my own at some point and didn't remember what it sounded like.

It was that same irksome problem that I knew would lead to more situations like this one. Some knowledge and memories came readily while other things remained lost and forgotten—assuming I even had those bits of knowledge and memories to begin with.

Regardless, it seemed I had aroused some kind of suspicion within the tiny drake, and now I had to figure out what to do, or what to say to regain his trust. Or maybe I could just find a way to keep him quiet until I figured out how to properly speak.


What to do...
> ...not normal.
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

"It was... an oversight on my part, Spike."

Spike raised an eye ridge at my answer.

"An... oversight?" he repeated in bemusement, "what kind of oversight?"

I nonchalantly trotted further into the room as I spoke, figuring it would be best to act natural in this type of situation. past experiences told me I had something of a bond with this little dragon, and I didn't want to ruin that, so I lied... and to my surprise, it was rather easy.

"I tried to cast a voice mimicking spell I had found in a book in the Archives," I explained as I levitated my saddlebags off my back and onto a nearby desk, "it worked, but I haven't quite figured out how to reverse it yet."

"Oh... well that isn't good," Spike replied, blinking in surprise, "what are you gonna do? Can you go back to the Archives?"

I thought on the answer, trying to remember where the Archives were. Thankfully the memory came to me, and to my amusement, it turned out I actually had seen a book detailing a voice mimicking spell. After a moment I slowly nodded and gave Spike a small smile.

"I suppose I'll have to if I want my old voice back, right?"

"Yeah, you should do that," Spike agreed with another visible shudder, "for some reason, hearing you talk is really creeping me out."

"Really?" I asked in slight confusion, "why is that?"

"I dunno exactly," Spike replied with a shrug, "when you talk, your voice just kind of sounds... fake, I guess? I don't really know how to explain it, but it's definitely creepy."

I frowned.

That was the second time I had been told I was acting 'creepy', and I didn't like it. I now realized from Spike's reaction that using another's voice wasn't normal, but I hadn't known it would cause such a negative reaction.

This was something I needed to remedy, and quickly. I searched my memory for something—some kind of spell that would help me get back to the archive quickly so I could be back in time to go with Spike to the party.

Teleportation?

It appeared to be something I had been working on getting right for quite some time, but hadn't learned enough to properly use yet. I wasn't sure why exactly, the spell itself didn't seem all that difficult as I ran through the steps in my head.

I nodded to myself and turned back to Spike.

"Alright Spike," I said, lighting up my horn, "I'm heading back to the Royal Archives for a bit to get ahold of that spell."

"Wait, what?" Spike asked incredulously, "the party's in half an  hour, Twilight! How are you gonna—"

His voice was cut off as I vanished in a magenta flash and reappeared an instant later in front of the large double doors leading into the Royal Archives. I turned to the startled guard standing beside the entrance.

"M-Miss Sparkle?!" the guard cried in alarm before quickly regaining his composure, "I... I didn't realize you had mastered the teleportation spell already," he gave a sheepish chuckle, "I uh... wasn't expecting you to show up again so soon."

"I just needed to check up on a spell real quick, First Strike," I replied with a friendly smile. I saw him give the same reaction as Spike and quickly moved to explain myself, "I know I sound weird, but this is why I'm here. I'm trying to fix... my... voice?"

I frowned in confusion as my voice suddenly changed on its own. I wasn't sure if the spell I had intended to research would be of any help, but I was willing to try it anyway. Now I felt there was no need to, as the voice that was now coming out of my mouth sounded much more natural.

The guard seemed just as confused as I was, and he cleared his throat awkwardly.

"Well, it looks like you didn't need to do... whatever you were gonna do after all," he said with a chuckle, "did you still want to enter the Archives?"

"No, that's okay," I replied slowly, distracted by my thoughts and the oddness of the situation, "I have a party to get to."

"Oh, okay then," the guard replied, looking somewhat dejected, "I'll uh, I'll see you later then I guess, Miss Sparkle..."

I nodded absently as I lit my horn and vanished once more. When I reappeared back inside the tower, I found Spike standing at the far end of the room reading what looked like a scroll of some sort.

When he heard me pop into the room he turned to me and called out, waving the letter in his claw.

"Oh, hey Twilight!" he called, running over to where I was, "I just got a letter from the Princess. You gotta read this," he held out the letter, which I took in my magic. I looked back to Spike, who shifted on his feet nervously, "it... it looks like something happened, and it doesn't look good."

I raised an eyebrow and turned my attention to the letter.


My Faithful Student,


I fear I may not have much time to write this, so I'll make this short. Earlier today, I sensed a presence unlike any I have ever come across before, and initially, I was unsure of what to make of it. Now however, things have changed and I must investigate the matter further. I'll withhold any more details until I know more, but for the time being, I'd like you and Spike to make your way to Ponyville to oversee the preparations for the Summer Sun Celebration. I will send you the details via Spike so be sure to look them over thoroughly. I don't know how long this investigation will take, but I should be ready by the time the sun needs to be raised. And before I forget, I've made arrangements for you and Spike to stay in the Golden Oaks Library in town for tonight, just ask Mayor Mare for more information when you get there. Please await the chariot outside your tower, as it should be there shortly. On one final note, I'd like you to try and make friends while your out and about in Ponyville.


~Princess Celestia



As I finished reading the letter, I heard a loud belch follow by the telltale fwoomph of dragon fire being released. I looked up from the letter to see Spike holding another scroll.

I pulled the other scroll from Spike's grip and held it in front of me, briefly scanning the information on the events I was supposed to oversee. I found it hard to focus on the words, as my mind kept going back to what I had just read as well as what had happened in front of the Archives.

The letter had been so... formal compared to the letters I remembered receiving in the past, which meant that whatever she was investigating must've been something serious.

Somehow though, I had gotten the feeling she was talking about me, and if that was the case, was it about what I had done to those three mares? The more I thought about it, the more I realized it may very well have been a possibility.

After all, I wasn't quite sure myself of what had happened with those mares to be honest, but they had seemed okay when I left, if a bit less talkative—well... a lot less talkative.

...Maybe less... responsive, would've been a better word.

In any case, I may not have known exactly what I did—and it may have helped me understand a bit more about communication—but I had the slight impression it may not have been exactly a good thing. It was that feeling that had pushed me to hide the whole exchange from Spike.

"Um... so..."

I looked back up at Spike to see that he was shifting from foot to foot, looking as though he wanted to ask something, but was afraid of the answer. I blinked and shook my head slightly before giving him an encouraging smile, prompting him to continue.

"So, ah... were you able to get that book with the voice spell?" he asked a bit nervously, "because, y'know, the chariot's gonna be here any minute to pick us up and with your voice that way it is..."

He trailed off and gave me a significant look, to which I replied with a small chuckle.

"It turns out I didn't need the spell after all, Spike," I responded, floating the letters into my saddlebags and levitating them over to me, "it kind of just... wore off on it's own."

"Oh, thank Celestia," he breathed, "glad I don't have to deal with that anymore, and you managed to finally get that teleportation spell down!" he beamed at me as we both made our way over to the entrance, "you've been working on that spell for months. I was starting to wonder if you'd ever get it."

It was true, I had been working on the spell for quite awhile, but I wondered why it had taken me so long. The spell itself really wasn't all that complicated—in fact, thinking back on all the spells I had yet to master so far, I felt the same way about each of them.

Why had it taken me so long to learn these spells?

Whatever the reason was, I decided to set those thoughts aside and focus on my trip to Ponyville. Just in the last few minutes or so, my communication skills had already gotten a lot better, and I couldn't wait to get to the little village and meet new ponies.

Even better, the Princess had outright told me to make some new friends, something I had every intention of doing from the begi—



—to spend less time worrying about friends, and more time worrying about this—


—don't think that really matters right now, Twilight! Even Moon Dancer knows when to—


—just can't right now, Twinkleshine, I've got a ton of—



"...light? Twilight!"

"Huh? What? What's—" vertigo briefly took hold of me and I would've fallen over had it not been for the wall at the top of the staircase just outside the tower entrance. I shook my head and straightened up once more, blinking a few times to clear my vision, "...Spike? What happened?"

"You suddenly... locked up right outside the door with this weird look on your face, then just kind of... fell over," he replied worriedly, "seriously Twilight, what's going on with you today?"

"I... I don't know, Spike," I replied with a troubled frown, "I guess I... just don't feel good right now."

"Maybe we should tell the Princess you—"

"No!" both Spike and I winced at my sudden outburst and I tried again in a more measured tone, "no, that's alright, Spike, I just... need a minute is all, and besides," I looked towards the main castle and saw a pair of pegasi making their way over to the tower, "our ride's here anyway."

"I... well... if you say so, Twi," Spike replied, clearly unconvinced, "just... don't push yourself, okay?"

"I won't, Spike," I replied with what I hoped was a reassuring smile, "I promise." 

As Spike and I made our way down to where the chariot had just landed, I wondered as to what exactly had happened, and why I had been so excited to meet a bunch of small town ponies I knew nothing about.

Well, if it's what the Princess wanted, and if I could help the Summer Sun Celebration run smoothly, I guess I could deal with it for one day.
> Am I...
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

I knew emotions were complex things, but I didn't imagine how complex they could really be to somepony like me, who wasn't used to them.

The chariot ride to Ponyville had been largely uneventful for Spike and I—at least outwardly. Inside, I struggled with odd conflicting feelings of being excited to meet new ponies, and being irritated at having to go through with such a task.

I don't even know where the latter feeling came from. I remember being happy that I could meet new friends, then something strange happened, and all that eagerness just... vanished. Suddenly I found the whole idea tedious and a waste of time.

As we made our way towards the small town however, those feelings of anticipation slowly crept back into my mind, and now I was at odds with myself. I was so distracted by the dichotomy of my emotions that I completely failed to notice that we had already touched down on the outskirts of Ponyville.

A nudge to my barrel brought my attention back to my surroundings, and I blinked before looking down at Spike. The little drake eyed me worriedly even as he stepped off of the chariot.

"Twilight, are you sure you're okay?" he asked again, "you were staring into space the whole way here. I know the Princess gave us this big task and all, but it's obvious there's something wrong with you."

"I... no I'm fine, Spike," I replied with an apologetic smile, "I just... need some sleep probably," I hopped out of the chariot, "come on, we should get this done so I can get some rest at the library before it's time for Celestia to raise the sun."

Spike gave me another dubious look. Though it was well meaning, his constant worry was beginning to wear on my nerves a bit and made it difficult to focus on what was happening to me. I cast him a side glance and put the tiniest bit of edge in my voice as I spoke again.

"Drop it, Spike."

Spike's eyes widened and he raised his claws defensively.

"Alright, alright fine," he said, backing away slightly, "I just want you to know I'm here if you need anything."

"And I appreciate that," I replied, making my way over to the town just ahead, "but it's really not necessary right now, I just need some time to think and rest, that's all."

"...If you say so, Twi."

"I do," I responded simply, "now come on, we don't want to fall behind schedule."

Spike nodded after a moment and I lowered myself down so that he could hop on my back. As he climbed up, I felt him pause and shiver before slowly crawling back down again.

"I uh... I think I'll walk this time around, Twi," he said, stepping back and looking away uncomfortably, "if that's cool with you I mean."

"What?" I asked, frowning in confusion as I looked at him, "why? You never pass up an opportunity to laze around on my back while I do all the trotting."

"I dunno," he replied with a half-hearted shrug, "just feel like doing something different I guess."

I frowned in bemusement.

Looking back in my memory, I knew Spike had trouble keeping up with me and other ponies because of his short stature and rather stubby legs. Whenever we went out somewhere together to do something that involved a lot of trotting around, he always chose to ride on my back.

...Maybe I was just reading too deep into it.

"Alright, if that's what you want, Spike," I replied slowly, "just don't wear yourself out trying to keep up."

"Yeah, yeah, I got it," Spike muttered stepping past me, "can we go now?"

I raised an eyebrow at the sudden attitude, but didn't comment on it. Soon enough, the two of us had reached Ponyville proper and were taking in the sights when the sound of jovial humming caught my attention.

I turned towards the distant sound as it got closer and discovered that the source was a prancing pink mare with an impossibly poofy mane and a smile as bright as the sun itself. Realizing she was heading in my direction I froze.

That strange dichotomy surged and I wanted to simultaneously call out in greeting and move along while completely ignoring the mare. In the end, my desire to communicate won out and I raised a hoof.

"Hey there!" I called out with a friendly smile, "I'm new here! My name is Twilight Sparkle and... I... just... wanted..."

I trailed off in confusion as the pink mare suddenly stopped and stared at me.

She wasn't smiling anymore.

In fact, she had no expression whatsoever.

"Um... hello?" I asked nervously, "is something wr—"

"You don't belong here."

My eyes widened in shock and I took a step back.

"E-Excuse me?"

But the pink mare offered nothing more than that as she backed away, never taking her expressionless eyes off of me. Spike and I watched her as she continued to backpedal away from me. After she had gained a certain amount of distance, she turned and quickly trotted the rest of the way until she was out of sight.

"Huh... well that was weird," Spike muttered in bemusement, "not exactly a nice welcome to Ponyville is it, Twi?"

I didn't hear a word of it.

I was still staring at where the pink mare had gone, my eyes still wide and my heart pounding in my chest. I didn't know who that mare was or why she had said what she said... but it hit me in a way I hadn't expected... and they hit me hard.

Her words had caused me to break out into a cold sweat and I couldn't stop shivering.

"Twilight?" Spike turned to me and his brows shot up in alarm, "Twilight, what's wrong?"

I just slowly shook my head and took a step back before trotting off in another direction.

"L-Let's just get going, Spike," I said in a quiet, shaky voice, "d... don't worry about that mare, alright? Let's just... let's just go find the f-f... first mare on the list," I lit up my horn and pulled the event scroll out of my saddlebag. Unfurling it, I scanned the list of events pointedly avoiding Spike's piercing and troubled gaze, "it looks like we're supposed to see a mare named Applejack."

Focusing on the task at hoof calmed me somewhat and I let out a quiet sigh of relief as the sudden anxiety ebbed. I rolled the scroll back up and put it back in the bags as I spoke. 

"According to the list, she lives in Sweet Apple Acres just outside of town and southwest from here," I explained, "so... oh, right. We need to see Mayor Mare first about the arrangements at the library..."

"No we don't," Spike corrected with a shake of his head, "I took a look at the list on the way here. Everything's already clear, we only need to see her if we have any questions about the arrangements."

"Oh... well, thanks for picking up on that," I replied with a sheepish smile, "I guess we should head over to these Sweet Apple Acres then."

The little dragon just grunted noncommittally as we changed direction and headed for the farmlands. I would've worried more about how Spike was acting, but I was too busy trying to figure out why that mare's words had struck me so deeply.

I was aware that I had been asleep in the Darkness for a long, long time, and that I didn't have any sort of form before I woke up, but I was a pony now. I had memories of being a pony—growing up as a pony. I knew what being a pony was about and it felt natural.

I was—am, Twilight Sparkle, protege to the Princess and an intelligent mare with an insatiable thirst for knowledge.

Didn't all of that make me just as much of a pony as she was, even if I didn't start out as one?

What made me so different that she would just come out and say I didn't belong?

Maybe it was just me reading too much into things again, but the way she had said that... it sounded like she meant far more than just me not belonging in this town, I was almost sure of it.

I didn't like this.

I didn't like feeling this way.

First it was Twinkleshine, Lemon Hearts, and Minuette, then it was Spike, and now this new mare. Why was everypony so wary of me? Sure, I might've done something bad to the first three mares I had seen, but that was an accident, and I didn't even know what I was doing—and besides, it wasn't like they got hurt.

I just wanted to talk to ponies and make friends like the Princess wanted. I already knew from my memory that I had several ponies who cared about me, and who I cared about, but it felt like I had never met them before.

Even though I had all these thoughts, memories, feelings, and sensations, it felt like I was experiencing everything for the first time... and maybe I was. Maybe I had gotten a chance to start over somehow.

Maybe I hadn't started out as a nonentity.

It was fully possible that I had always been Twilight Sparkle and had gotten some kind of second chance to experience everything anew—as though my consciousness had been... refreshed somehow.

But if all of this were the case, why did everypony I knew treat me as though I was acting out of the ordinary? If I started out as nothing as I had originally believed, then why would everypony fear me? Why would they fear something that came from nothing? There was literally nothing to fear before I existed as Twilight Sparkle.

...Unless I was actually something before I was Twilight Sparkle.


For some reason, the thought made me shake and my heart pound all over again.
> ...even a pony?
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

As Spike and I made our way back out of town and closer to our destination, I picked the sweet scent of fresh apples wafting through the air.

The smell did wonders to light my spirits and bring my mind out of the mire it was rapidly falling into and I smiled. If I was going to have an existential crisis, it would have to wait, because for now, I had a job to do.

The sight of those apple trees soon came into view and I quickened my pace slightly, eager to meet this 'Applejack'. The strange pink mare scared me for some reason, and I resolved to avoid her whenever I could, but not everypony in or near this town would feel the same, right?

Even if they all did fear, or at least were wary of me, they wouldn't all act like that mare did... would they?

No, I can't think like that.

I shook my head and continued trotting down the dirt path, determined to stay positive. No matter who or what I was, there was a whole world out there to experience and I wanted friends to share that experience with.

I'm not sure where this desire for friendship came from to be honest. It started out as a desire to know more about the world and the creatures in it—specifically the ponies that surrounded me.

It might've been when I had first read that letter from the Princess, thinking back on it...

I pulled that same letter from my bags and floated it in front of me as I trotted along.

I'd like you to try and make friends while you're out and about in Ponyville...

Friends...

The word made me feel oddly warm inside, and I couldn't fathom why, but after rereading the letter, I knew for sure that that was when things changed. That was the moment I had become enamored with the idea of making friends.

The more I thought about it, the more I felt it was something I had to do.

But then... something happened and I suddenly felt repulsed by the idea.

The feeling was short lived all things considered, but it was a strange and confusing situation nonetheless. I decided not to dwell too much on it as I neared the heart of the farmlands.

"YEE-HAW!"

The sudden enthusiastic shout snapped me out of my musings and I looked up to see an orange earth pony mare in a stetson further ahead. With that cry, she proceeded to buck a tree with enough force to send every apple in it tumbling down and into a basket below.

Spike and I watched her repeat the process a few more times before I decided to introduce myself, inwardly praying that this meeting would go better than the last. I took a deep breath and pushed my fears aside as I trotted towards the mare.

"Excuse me!" I called out with a bright smile, "you wouldn't happen to be Ap—"



—already told you I was busy with—


—don't know, Spike... maybe the Princess was right, but—


—lunch with all of you, but that's it. I still have a lot of—



"Twilight!"

"Ugh... Spike?" I groaned,  "what's going on? Why am I..."

I shook my head and sat up from where I had apparently been lying on the ground. Something felt off again, and as I rose back to my hooves I felt a bit nauseous.

I stumbled a bit and would've fallen again had it not been for a strong pair of hooves supporting me. In my disorientation I wasn't completely sure, but I could've sworn I heard some odd line about 'trotting over a grave'.

"You alright there, sugarcube?"

I looked over to see the orange cowpony eyeing me with no small amount of concern. I blinked a few times and shook my head once more before taking a step back and answering.

"Y-Yeah, I'll be fine in a minute, thanks... um..."

"Name's Applejack," the mare answered with a tip of her stetson, "proud member of the Apple Family. Nice ta meetcha, Miss..."

"It's... Twilight, Twilight Sparkle," I replied uncertainly, "I was actually on my way to check up on the catering for the Summer Sun Festival, you were in charge of that, right?"

"Darn tootin'," Applejack replied with a nod, "mah family an' ah make the best apple dishes ya ever shoved down yer gullet, ah can guarantee ya that."

It was so quick I almost missed it, but for a split second, Applejack's earnest smile became unsure. Before I could ponder on it anymore however, she turned the other way and looked back towards me questioningly, "why don't ya come on back to the farm an' we'll set ya up with some samples?"

"That... actually sounds wonderful," I replied with a strained smile, "I do need to make sure everything is in order regarding the catering after all."

"Well, shucks, Twilight that practically goes without sayin'," Applejace replied with a chuckle before trotting ahead, "an' this'll give ya'll a chance ta meet the rest o' the family."

"Right," I muttered before following after the cowpony, "c'mon, Spike... let's get this over with."

Spike gave me another odd look, one I ignored, and followed behind me.

Going with Applejack to meet her family was suddenly the last thing I wanted to do... and I didn't really know why. I had another 'episode' which may have had something to do with it, but... why?

Why did this happen again? Both times this happened, I felt like I temporarily lost a bit of myself—like something was trying to push me out of my own head and replace me with someone else... someone I'm not.

Whatever the case, I wasn't going to let this stop me from doing what I needed to do, even if I really didn't want to do it now.





Spike and I arrived at the farm with Applejack, and by that time a little of the enthusiasm I had lost returned, making me feel a bit better. As we came to a stop in front of a large wooden table, I went to ask the orange mare where her family was, but I couldn't so much as get one word out before the musical clang of metal on metal filled my ears.

"SOUPS ON, EVERYPONY!"

And it was after that, that I heard the rumble of hooves... lots of them. I turned towards the sound and my eyes widened in surprise at the massive dust clouds being kicked up.

"Oh geez," Spike muttered, his eyes just as wide as mine as he took an involuntary step back, "that can't be good..."

"Spike, hold on!"

"Wha—whoa!"

I grabbed the little drake in my telekinesis and simultaneously cast a teleportation spell just as the rest of Applejack's family came pounding past. With a pop, I blinked out of existence and reappeared next to Applejack herself with Spike in tow.

"Could you maybe give a bit of warning before your family tramples us to death, please?" I asked with a frown, "it doesn't really set a good first impression y'know."

"What? What are ya..." Applejack looked over to where we had just been standing and at the deep dents in the ground from the many heavy hooves that had tread upon it. She looked back to me and chuckled sheepishly.

"Yeah... I suppose yer right," she conceded, "sorry about that, Miss Sparkle."

"Just Twilight is fine," I replied with a nod, before taking a seat at the table, "alright, so you said you were going to... Spike? Are you okay?"

I had already set the baby dragon down at the table as I spoke with Applejack, and it was only by chance that I happened to catch a glimpse of him as I took my own seat.

He looked like he'd seen a ghost.

He had gone pale—the color draining from his scales, and looking closer I could see a visible shudder overtake his tiny frame. I frowned and moved a bit closer, trying to comfort the dragon. I placed a reassuring hoof on his shoulder, only for him to violently flinch away.

The pang of hurt caught me as much by surprise as his sudden movement did.

"Spike?" I asked worriedly, "what's wrong? Talk to me..."

He must have seen that hurt on my face or in my voice, because he looked away with a guilty, if still somewhat fearful, expression. He gave another shudder before looking back towards me.

"I... I'm sorry, Twi. I'll be okay in a second," he said quietly, "just... just don't teleport me again, alright? I... don't think I like that spell very much."

"Why? What's wrong with it?" I pressed out of both concern and nervousness, "did I... do something weird again?"

"Well... I don't really know if it was—"

"Now that we're all here, lemme introduce ya!" Applejack interjected, sliding next to me and Spike, "these here are the rest of the Apples that came out ta help with the caterin'!" she gestured towards the many, many ponies milling about with heaps of food, "we got Apple Fritter, Apple Bumpkin, Red Gala..."

And the list of Apples went on and on to the point of absurdity. Strangely, the more ponies Applejack named, the more this odd bitterness ebbed away. By the time she got to Apple Bloom—an adorable foal with a red mane tied by a large pink bow—I was smiling and nodding to each of the family members in turn.

"...And Granny Smith," Applejack finished.

The old green earth pony mare snapped awake, muttering something I didn't quite hear, as I was becoming more focused on the massive stack of apple based treats that had been piled up as Applejack spoke.

I turned to Spike, still worried about what he had said earlier, but relaxed somewhat when I saw that he had already started digging in. I turned back to Applejack with a grateful smile.

"This is... quite a family you've got here, Applejack," I said as I looked around the large group, "and these dishes look delicious."

"Well, that's mighty kind of ya ta say," Applejack replied with a chuckle, "now go on, don't be shy, feel free ta eat as much as ya like, we got plenty ta go around," she nodded towards Spike who hadn't stopped eating, "yer little dragon friend's certainly got the right idea."

I turned back to Applejack with a nod and a small smile.

"I think I will," I replied, taking an apple strudel in my magic, "thanks, Applejack."

"Aw don't sweat it," she replied with a dismissive wave of her hoof, "just enjoy."

I eyed the treat held in my magic aura.

In truth, I had no clue if these were going to be good or not. In fact, I only knew they were edible based off the knowledge I had gained. That went without saying of course, but it felt as though somepony had only just told me food like this was safe to eat.

It felt like I had never eaten in my entire life.

In fact, the entire concept of eating to sustain one's life felt oddly foreign now that I thought on it. I... was fairly sure this wasn't a normal feeling, and that worried me. It brought up some rather uncomfortable questions I had tried very hard to ignore.

"You okay, sugarcube?"

I blinked and looked over to see Applejack eyeing me with a bemused frown. At my confused look, she gestured to the treat and elaborated.

"You've been staring at yer apple strudel fer the last minute or so," she pointed out, "is there somethin' wrong with it?"

"Oh... no! No, not at all," I quickly replied, "I'm just... not as hungry as I thought I was is all."

"Well shoot, why didn't ya say so?" Applejack asked with a shake of her head, "Ah'm sure we coulda gotten ya something a bit lighter."

"No, that's okay," I replied, lifting the strudel, "you went through all the trouble, the least I could do is finish what I started."

"Well... if ya say so," Applejack said with an unsure raise of her brow, "just don't push yerself if ya can't finish it."

I nodded and turned my attention back to the strudel with a small frown. Reluctantly—almost fearfully—I brought it to my mouth and took a tentative bite.


Nothing.


I took another bite.


I didn't taste anything.


My heart began to pound in my chest as I finished the tasteless confection. I quickly grabbed another treat and devoured it. Then I grabbed another, and another, and another, and three more. Eight apple dishes became ten, then fifteen, then twenty-five, and so on and so forth before they were all completely gone.

I couldn't taste a single one.

Not only could I not taste anything that was put in front of me, I didn't even feel any kind of fullness whatsoever from the food. It was like there was a void in place of my stomach. 

It felt as though I could've eaten forever and still never have been full, not that it mattered, because this... food, didn't feel life sustaining—not to me anyway. In my sudden panic I failed to notice the shocked looks of Spike, Applejack, and the rest of the Apple family, but I didn't care at the moment.

I was far too caught up in my own frantic thoughts to give them any thought.

Maybe it's just apple based foods.

Maybe there's other things I can eat and I just... don't like apples?

I shivered as doubt, confusion, and fear welled up within me. These weren't the experiences I had been craving ever since I woke up. I wanted to live my life as anypony would. I wanted to fit in, be part of this wonderful existence and make friends along the way.

I wanted to learn.

I wanted to grow as a pony.

I wanted to experience these brand new thoughts and emotions that had captured my interest and held it so tightly. Instead however, all I got was uncomfortable—and sometimes fearful—looks, thoughts and feelings that were more confusing and conflicting than anything, and questions I didn't want to know the answers to.

Questions regarding who I really was.


...Or even what I really was.
> Maybe it doesn't matter...
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

I needed to get out of here.

I needed some time to myself—some time to come to terms with what was happening to me. I needed to find an answer to just what was going on, to clear away the confusion.

"Land sakes, girl," Applejack remarked, looking between me and the empty dishes with no small amount of awe, "fer somepony who ain't hungry, ya can certainly put it away."

I pushed myself away from the table and stood up, turning to the cowpony with a strained smile.

"I ah.. guess I was a bit hungrier than I thought," I replied with a nervous chuckle, "once I started I... just couldn't stop."

"Ah'll say," Applejack replied with a bemused shake of her head, "ain't even seen Big Mac eat as much as that," her confused frown turned to a proud, grateful smile after a moment, "well, ah can't really fault ya, sugarcube, us Apples pride ourselves in our homecookin', and ah'm mighty glad ta see ya enjoyed the meal."

"Yeah," I responded quietly, "hey, Applejack? It's been fun, a-and the meal was great don't get me wrong... but somethings been on my mind, and I think I need a bit of time alone."

Both Spike and Applejack gave me odd looks and I winced, trying to better explain myself.

"I... haven't really been feeling well, as I'm sure Spike can tell you," I continued, "I don't really feel like myself right now, and I think I just need to work some things out on my own. Can you look after Spike for a bit?"

"What?" Spike cried, hopping down from the table and walking over to me, "Twilight, what are you talking about? We got things to do and—"

"I know, Spike," I interjected, backing away from the little dragon and the rest of the Apple Family, "I know, and it won't take long, please, you most of all should know how weird things have been."

Spike opened his mouth to reply, but stopped himself, eyeing me with a thoughtful, worried look. Eventually he sighed and shook his head before dismissing me with a wave of his claw.

"It's fine, Twilight," he replied, "you have been acting really weird since you got back from the Royal Archives. If you need some time to figure things out, I'm not gonna stop you... just... you know you can tell me what's bothering you, right?"

"I know, Spike, and I will once I figure out what's wrong with me," I replied with a grateful smile, "I promise."

Spike simply nodded in response and I turned back to Applejack. I gave the confused mare an apologetic smile as I spoke.

"I'm sorry to put you on the spot like this, especially after all the hospitality you've already shown us."

"Aw shucks, ah don't mind none," Applejack replied, pushing her stetson back to scratch her mane, "ah don't know what's eatin' ya, but I figure watchin' after yer dragon friend here won't be any trouble."

"Thanks, Applejack," I replied, turning to leave and looking back to the orange earth pony over my shoulder, "I appreciate it, and all the food. I'm sure everypony will be thrilled to get a taste of your family's home cooking."

"Yer darn right they will," Applejack replied with a snort. She turned to look back at the yellow filly near the table, "hey, Apple Bloom! Why don'tcha show Spike here around the farm fer a bit?"

With that, I left Applejack to it and made my way off the farm and back into the large field of apple trees. I furrowed my brow as I thought.

I couldn't continue like this.

I had to get some sort of handle on just what the hay was going on with me. The problem was that I had nothing to go off of. I decided to compile what I did know about my situation.

I was uncertain about my existence before I had woken up in that Darkness, but I was certain that I had been sleeping.

In fact, I would've had to have existed in order to be asleep... right? What did 'waking up' mean for me? Did it mean I had fallen asleep at some point, or did it mean I was opening my eyes for the first time since I came into being?

I didn't know, and I was getting distracted again.

Getting back to what I did know, I was missing bits of my memory here and there for reasons I didn't know—though it was unclear whether or not they would return in time.

I knew I wasn't normal.

Judging by the reactions I had been receiving from everypony I met, there was definitely something wrong with me—the incident on the way to my tower was more than proof enough of that.

I had to accept the fact that the Twilight I had been before I opened my eyes under that willow tree, wasn't the same Twilight I was now.

Something had changed, but I didn't know what. I couldn't figure it out, and I had nopony to talk to about it either...

Or maybe I did.

As much as she unnerved me, that pink mare seemed to know something about me that I didn't know about myself. I didn't want to go anywhere near the mare, but... maybe she had the answers I was looking for?

I shivered at the thought of seeing her again.

Moving on, another thing that was becoming increasingly apparent, was just how unsettling my very presence seemed to be around others.

Spike had always jumped at the chance to ride on my back, but he didn't, and I was fairly sure it was because of me. Then there was the issue with my voice, and the fact that it changed on its own.

Whatever I had done to Minuette and the others, I had done it without thinking, and had initially assumed their reaction and my use of Minuette's voice was a normal part of the communication process. 

Apparently that had been far from the case.

I didn't remember my own voice, but then it suddenly came back to me unbidden. That, coupled with the odd flashes of memory I had been having confounded me, and something about it scared me as well.

I felt like there was something inside me trying to get out... and what made it worse, was that I felt like the one who was the invader trying to keep that something at bay.

"Hey! Look ou—"

My body suddenly went rigid an instant before something slammed into my barrel. The impact jarred me down to my bones, but I didn't budge—thought I did yelp in surprise.

I snapped my shocked gaze towards the sound of a pained groan and spotted a cyan pegasus splayed out on her back a few hoof-lengths away from me.

"Sweet Celestia," she groaned, sitting up and rubbing her muzzle, "did I hit a brick wall or..." she trailed as she saw me her, eyes widening in surprise, "...oh."

For a second, we both stared at each other, her eyes on me in general, and mine on the messy prismatic mane that covered her head.

Eventually I snapped out of it and rushed over to the mare.

"Oh, geez, I'm so sorry," I cried holding out a hoof to help her up, "are you okay?"

"Uh," she replied, absently taking my hoof and allowing me to pulled her up, "yeah, sorry about that, shoulda watched where I was flying."

She stared at me for another second before shaking her head and putting on a cocky smile.

"I tend to get a bit carried away when I'm training," she said, her tone suddenly proud and confident, "didn't mean to hit ya," she frowned and jabbed me in the shoulder, "seriously though, I felt like I was the one that got hit."

"Oh, um... sorry?" I replied, giving her an unsure smile, "I heard a sudden shout and just kind of... froze, I didn't mean to hurt you."

"Nah, it's cool," she said with a dismissive wave of her hoof, "I'm a lot tougher than I look, and apparently you are too. Don't see a lot of unicorns that sturdy."

"Oh, I see," I replied, inwardly surprised and pleased at how well the conversation was going, "I'm not nearly as sturdy as my older brother, though. He's a captain in the Royal Guard, and as far as strength goes, he's a match for any earth pony."

"Is that so?" the mare replied with a laugh, "I guess it must run in the family or something."

"Maybe," I said with a nervous chuckle. I cleared my throat and held out a hoof, "anyway, my name's Twilight Sparkle."

"Rainbow Dash," the mare replied, bumping her hoof against mine, "future Wonderbolt extraordinaire and all around coolest and fastest pony in both Ponyville and Cloudsdale."

"Wow, that's... quite a claim," I responded before furrowing my brow as a sudden thought crossed my mind, "wait... you said you're name was Rainbow Dash?"

"The one and only," she replied with a smirk.

I looked towards the cloud covered sky for a moment before sweeping my gaze around the rest of my surroundings.

Apparently I had wound up back in Ponyville at some point. In any case, I recognized the name from the list of events Celestia had sent me, and with that in mind, I turned back to Rainbow Dash with a bemused frown.

"Aren't you the one that's supposed to be keeping the skies clear for the Summer Sun Celebration?"

"Oh, yeah, that," Rainbow replied with a roll of her eyes, "I'm the top weather patrol pony in Cloudsdale. A little cloud cover like this is nothing I can't handle in ten seconds flat."

"Really?" I asked, genuinely intrigued, "now that's something I'd like to see."

Rainbow's face seemed to light up at my words and she took a step back before crouching low and spreading her wings.

"You want awesome?" she said, her eyes narrowing and a grin forming on her face, "you got awesome."

With that, she shot up into the sky, and pinballed from cloud to cloud, leaving a rainbow contrail in her wake. I could only stand there in silent awe as she busted through every single cloud in a matter of seconds.

It was as I watched Rainbow Dash wipe out cloud after cloud that I came to a decision.

Rainbow Dash had been the first pony I had talked to that didn't find me weird or creepy—or if she did, she was extremely good at hiding it.

Sure, she had been initially shocked at what happened before, but she had gotten over it quickly and we had an actual conversation without it coming back to how weird I was.

It was then that I decided to follow her example. I wouldn't let my fears and worries get to me, and if I came off as weird or creepy to other ponies...

Well... I'd just have to find a way to deal with it. The answers I was both searching for and afraid of, might come to me, or I might never figure out what was wrong, but I was done fretting over it.

It wasn't doing me any favors, I wasn't getting anywhere, and all I was accomplishing was worrying Spike more and more.

"Ha! Ten. Seconds. Flat, just like I told you!"

While I was lost in thought, Rainbow Dash had finished her work. I hadn't actually counted, but with how fast she went, it had to be around what she had claimed.

"So?" she pressed, "what'd you think? Impressive right?"

"I'll say," I said with a small laugh, "I've never seen anything like it."

"Darn right you haven't!" Rainbow Dash replied, puffing out her chest. Her ear suddenly twitched and she turned her gaze towards the sky, "oh shoot," she muttered before taking to the air and giving me an apologetic smile, "hey listen, I gotta go, but we should hang out more some time! See ya!"

She gave a quick salute before turning and shooting off into the distance, rainbow contrail following behind her as she went.

I finished waving back and lowered my hoof to the ground, a smile crossing my muzzle. With a satisfied sigh, I turned and began my trot back to Sweet Apple Acres, making a mental note to find out what the Wonderbolts were.

This trot had done me a world of good, and I couldn't help but let out a small giggle. I was certain I'd have to deal with my problems sooner or later, but for now, I didn't need, or want to worry about it at the moment.


I was Twilight Sparkle, and that was good enough for now.
> ...or maybe it does.
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

It had to be today of all days...

Celestia sighed as she made her way through the rather crowded halls of the Canterlot Medical Center. Several doctors, nurses, and patients made way, their eyes widening at the unexpected visit from royalty.

The Princess herself, for the most part, ignored the stares—giving only a few nods of acknowledgement and a few gentle, reassuring smiles here and there.

Normally she'd be far more genial towards her subjects, but now wasn't the time for pleasantries. On top of the oncoming Summer Sun Celebration and her other major worry, Celestia now had this odd... disturbance to worry about.

Normal ponies couldn't sense magic, but Celestia was an alicorn, and as such, she had a much deeper connection to the thaumatic field that surrounded Equus.

It was only a few hours earlier that she felt something momentarily disrupt the field... but she couldn't tell whether it was a malevolent force or not. This was worrying, but she had more important matters to worry about at that moment.

Namely the Summer Sun Celebration, and the endeavors of a certain Faithful Student on the night before the event.

Everything had to be perfect, else all Celestia had planned since finding out who the next Bearers would be rendered pointless. Decades of work, which—while the blink of an eye in her long, long life—would nevertheless be wasted.

Equestria would fall to eternal darkness, and ultimately it would've been due to her negligence... and she would never forgive herself for failing her kingdom... and her sister, so badly.

That was why it was important that Twilight Sparkle accomplish her task in Ponyville. Everypony had their role to play, and Twilight's was perhaps the most important of all.

But then Celestia had received a message only a few hours ago that changed... not everything, but quite a bit.

A unicorn mare by the name of Lyra Heartstrings had been out on a trot while talking with a friend visiting from Ponyville, when both the mares had heard a commotion from further up ahead.

Upon investigating, the two had discovered three unconscious mares splayed out on the path to the Castle Courtyard. They searched, but there had been nopony else around the area.

Who, or whatever had been the cause of each of the mare's states had vanished by the time Lyra and her friend had reached the scene.

They had decided to tell the nearest guard on duty, and the unconscious mares were taken to the Canterlot Medical Center for treatment.

Now, as worried as Celestia was, and as much as she hoped nothing but the best for the mares, this in and of itself didn't warrant the Sun Princess' attention.

It was what her personal aide, Raven Inkwell, had nervously informed her of that caught her attention. This new information, coupled with Celestia's own worries about what she had sensed earlier, was why she now followed the doctor and nurse down the hallway and to a specific patient's room in the hospital.

With what she had been told, she had a hunch the two events were related in some way.

As Doctor Steady Beat, Nurse Fair Weather, and Celestia trotted closer to the room, the Sun Princess began to notice a change in the demeanor of the hospital staff on duty.

Other doctors and nurses trotting the opposite way would occasionally glance back the way they came with uneasy, or downright unnerved expressions.

One particular mare practically bowled the Princess over in an effort to put as much distance between herself and whatever it was she had clearly been afraid of.

Celestia didn't fault the mare of course, after all, if what she had heard was true, then this was something to be disturbed about.

Celestia frowned slightly as they approached the door to Room 495. 

The sensation she had felt before had steadily been rising the closer they got. Now that she was this close, she could very clearly sense that strange disturbance coming from the room in waves.

It was an altogether alien feeling... and while she couldn't quite place a hoof on it... the aura she felt about the room also felt... caustic in a way—repulsive, and an offense to everything harmonic in nature.

It was as though the very aura about the room rejected life and everything it stood for.

"Er... Princess?"

Celestia blinked and looked down at both the doctor and nurse, who in turn were looking back at her with worried, nervous expressions.

Apparently she had stopped trotting at some point while she was lost in her thoughts.

"Are you okay?" Doctor Steady Beat asked with a concerned frown, "you seem a bit... rattled—n-not that I blame you of course. It's just..."

The mocha brown stallion trailed off, biting his lip and turning a tentative gaze towards the room just up ahead. The nurse looked from the doctor, to the door, and back to the Princess, her own look one of trepidation.

"T-The patients are just... r-right in here, Princess," the shivering mare explained rather unnecessarily, "t-they're not hostile or anything!" she added quickly, "just... something isn't... isn't right about them. Their eyes—"

"Why don't we let the Princess see for herself, Nurse Fair Weather," the doctor chided, giving the mare a stern frown, "I'm sure she'd like to get to the bottom of this... unprecedented malady as soon as possible."

"Quite right you are, doctor," Celestia replied with a nod before turning to the nervous maroon mare with a reassuring smile, "You've been a great help in leading me here, Nurse Fair Weather. If you don't feel comfortable proceeding further, you have my leave."

"R-Really?" the nurse asked incredulously before turning to the doctor. The doctor sighed and nodded once, causing the mare to look back to Celestia and smile shakily, "t-thank you, Princess!"

Without another word, she turned on her heel and quickly trotted  in the other direction.

"I'm terribly sorry about Miss Fair Weather, Princess," the doctor said with an apologetic frown, "she's normally a lot more professional than this... it's just—"

"No need to apologize, doctor," Celestia interjected, narrowing her eyes slightly as she stared at the door, "I think the poor mare has seen enough. Now then... I believe it's past time I saw this... affliction for myself."

"Right," the doctor said after a moment, before giving a discreet sigh and trotting forward, "if you'll follow me, Princess..."

Doctor Steady Beat reached out and turned the handle of the door, pushing it open and stepping inside. Celestia soon trotted in right behind him and nearly reeled back in disgust as that caustic sensation practically overwhelmed her.

She stared in wide eyed horror at the three unicorn mares atop their respective hospital beds. Physically, they looked the same as any pony with their colorful coats, manes, and overall healthy complexion.

But that was only at a glance.

Each mare sat up in their beds, bodies completely rigid as if carved from stone. They all stared at the far wall as though they were all waiting for something to happen. 

Their expressions were blank and their eyes were filled with an inky blackness that seemed to swirl and froth as though something were swimming within them.

And that was to say nothing of the constant ripples their very presence cast in the thaumatic field directly surrounding them.

Though Celestia couldn't see it, she could feel the ambient magic tearing itself apart and pulling itself back together rapidly around the mares.

"Minuette, Lemon Hearts, and Twinkleshine."

The doctor's voice snapped Celestia out of her daze and she turned to the stallion. He appeared to be reciting information from some documents he had obtained while she was distracted.

"These three mares were found unconscious near the castle grounds roughly three and a half hours ago," he continued, "one Lyra Heartstrings and one Sparkler brought them here to be treated for any potential problems they may have had."

He flipped the document over the edge of the clipboard he was holding and moved on to the next page of information. Celestia herself turned to stare at the statue-like mares in the beds as the stallion spoke.

"Each mare remained unconscious as they were placed in their beds," the doctor said before frowning, "the nurse—Nurse Fair Weather to be exact—left to check on another patient on my behalf, and when she returned around half an hour later..."

He looked up from his notes and cast a significant glance in the direction of the three mares. Celestia was barely paying any attention to the doctor's words as her mind raced to find an answer to what she was seeing.

She had never seen anything like this.

The closest thing she could compared this affliction to was a curse born of Dark Magic... but that wasn't it. Celestia knew what Dark Magic felt like, she had fought against users of it in the past and this...

...this wasn't Dark Magic.

It felt similar, yet wholly different at the same time. There was something necrotic about the aura she felt, but not in the same way a Necromancer's spell would feel.

It felt different... otherworldly.

Celestia grimaced in frustration as she tried, and failed, to make sense of what she was feeling from these mares.

"They've been like this ever since Nurse Fair Weather came back into the room," the doctor said, distracting Celestia from her thoughts once again, "they haven't moved an inch and refuse to respond to any external stimuli whatsoever."

"What—"


All three mares snapped their empty gazes towards the Solar Princess.


Celestia's heart skipped a beat and her next words all but died in her throat as they stared at her silently. Next to her, she heard the clipboard fall to the floor as Doctor Steady Beat flinched back in surprise.

For several moments, nopony moved.

Celestia stood there, staring at the mares as they stared back—her wide, bright magenta eyes meeting their soulless, inky black orbs. 

The doctor held his chest, trying to calm his beating heart as he looked between the Princess and the mares. He opened his mouth to speak and froze, his eyes slowly widening as he looked at the three mares.

Their own mouths moved as though they spoke, but nothing could be heard—nothing aloud at least. Words were still spoken however, words unlike any the doctor had ever heard before.

Words not meant to be heard by any mortal, words that tore at the mind and twisted the soul, words that rent one's very sanity asunder at their merest utterance.

The doctor screamed.

He screamed and screamed and didn't stop screaming even as the Princess threw open the door and shoved him outside with her magic, rushing out immediately after the mentally broken stallion, and slamming the door shut.

Once outside, Celestia's horn lit up as she cast every ward, barrier, and detection spell she knew upon the door. That done, she slowly backed away, never taking her eyes away from that door.


She could still feel their gaze.


The Solar Princess stumbled back another step before turning around and quickly trotting down the hall. She vaguely made mention of the stallion to several surprised and worried hospital staff as she passed, but her words were distant in her own ears.

She didn't stop until she had made her way outside the building, and even then she hadn't noticed she had already left until one of her guards called out her name.

Celestia stopped and turned towards the two pegasus guards standing near her personal carriage. She blinked at the two owlishly as they spoke, their words not reaching her ears at first.

She gradually became aware that she was shivering violently. Raising a shaky hoof, she stared at it for a long moment, ignoring the guards completely as they approached.

She gave no explanation as to what had happened in that room, or what she had seen. She would have to go back and properly warn the other patients and staff to stay as far away from that room as possible—at least until she could find out just what they were all dealing with.

Whatever it was, Celestia was absolutely certain it wasn't of this world.

Taking several minutes to calm herself to a reasonable state, the Princess trotted back into the Canterlot Medical Center and address the worried staff of the situation at hoof before returning to her carriage and making her way back to the castle.

All thoughts of the Summer Sun Celebration, as well as those of her inevitable return, were swept aside by the words those three mares had spoken.

Hearing those mares 'speak' was akin to having thousands of needles shoved into her mind, but she had somehow been able to make out four 'words' from that eldritch 'language'... four simple, terrible, foreboding 'words' that chilled the alicorn to her very bones...



The Dead Goddess Rises.
> Either way...
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

As I reached the farm I spotted Spike chatting with the yellow filly about something or another as he sat on a fence rocking his stubby legs back and forth.

From what I picked up on the conversation, it was apparent that the filly had been curious about dragons, and Spike was all too eager to tell her everything he knew... about himself.

I smiled and chuckled at the thought.

It was nice to see that Spike was back to his old self—happy, proud, and confident in his own abilities. 

I knew I was trying to work out just what the hay was going on with me, but I hadn't fully considered how it was affecting Spike until recently. 

Well... I planned to change that.

My laughter seemed to have caught the attention of both the little dragon and the little filly. They both looked up, Apple Bloom looking somewhat disappointed and Spike looking somewhat anxious.

"It looks like Miss Twilight is back," Apple Bloom muttered, looking back to Spike with a pout, "ah guess that means ya gotta go now."

"Yeah, probably," Spike replied with a nod and a sigh. He hopped off the fence and gave the filly a friendly smile, "well, it was nice talking to you anyway, Apple Bloom."

"Yer gonna come back an' visit, right?" Apple Bloom asked, tilting her head with a slight frown, "I wanna hear more about that dragon fire of yours, sounds mighty useful."

"We'll make some time to come back before we leave," I interjected as I trotted over to the two with a friendly smile of my own, "but we're behind schedule as it is right now."

"Oh... a-alright then," Apple Bloom replied, taking a step back and looking from me to Spike, "well... ah guess ah'll see ya later then... maybe during the Summer Sun Festival?"

Spike looked back to me with a questioning frown, to which I chuckled and shook my head in return before looking over at a hopeful Apple Bloom.

"We'll both see you there, Apple Bloom," I replied, much to Apple Bloom's delight, "I did come here to make sure everything went smoothly after all."

"Great!" Apple Bloom cried happily, hopping over to Spike and pulling him into a quick probably-too-tight hug, "ah can't wait!"

"Yeah... me neither," Spike wheezed, "can't breathe... Apple Bloom..."

"Oh!" Apple Bloom pulled away, her face turning red as she chuckled sheepishly, "ah... sorry 'bout that."

Pulling my attention away from them for a moment, I looked around the farm and frowned in bemusement.

"Hey, Apple Bloom," I asked, turning back to the yellow filly, "have you seen your sister anywhere? I wanted to tell her we were leaving."

"AJ's helpin' the rest of the family set up fer the festival, she told me ta make sure ya knew where ta find us when ya came back, so we waited here fer ya."

"Ah... okay then," I replied with an understanding nod, "well, tell Applejack I said thanks for all the food, and that it was a pleasure to meet her and the rest of her family."

"Will do!" Apple Bloom replied with a mock salute, "see ya'll at the festival!"

With that, and a wave goodbye, she took off further into the farm. Spike and I watched her go for a moment before the baby dragon spoke again, turning to me and shuffling his feet awkwardly.

"So... are you... okay?" he asked haltingly, "I mean, did the walk help at all?"

"You have no idea, Spike," I replied with a reassuring smile, "I feel a lot better, and..." 

My smile fell a bit, becoming slightly guilty. 

"...I'm sorry for acting so strange, Spike. I don't really know how to explain it, but... I haven't been feeling like myself lately and I hadn't given too much thought about how it was affecting you."

"No it's... it's fine, Twilight," Spike replied, his expression also somewhat guilty, "it's not like you haven't acted weird in the past, and I should be used to it by now. It's just..."

Spike sighed and shook his head before giving me a tired smile.

"You know what? Don't worry about it," he said with a dismissive wave of his claw, "if you're feeling better, that's all I care about."

"Thanks, Spike," I replied gratefully. I pulled out the scroll containing the events and looked it over a moment before turning back to Spike, "now what do you say we go see this 'Rarity' mare?"

Spike nodded with a relieved smile and together we left the Apple Family farm and headed back to Ponyville.





As we made our way back into town, I got a few more nervous glances thrown my way, but I ignored them this time. Instead I used the opportunity to talk to Spike about one random thing or another.

We talked all the way to Town Hall and I began to feel more and more like myself with the conversation. By the time Spike and I actually entered the Hall, we were both laughing like idiots at a particularly funny memory involving Shiny.

Spike didn't seem nervous around me anymore, and I contributed that in large part due to my change in attitude. I also felt a lot more comfortable now that I had gotten an ample amount of interaction done with other ponies.

"...yeah no kidding!" Spike was saying, still chuckling, "remember how long it took the big guy to..."

Spike trailed off and slowed to a stop just inside the Hall, his stunned gaze locked on something ahead. I raised an eyebrow and turned to see the back of a white unicorn mare with a curly violet tail.

The mare muttered to herself, fretting over decorations as she moved about the large room. I watched her for a moment before looking back over to Spike, who was now giving the mare an odd look.

I had no idea what it meant.

"Spike?" I asked, leaning down and waving a hoof in front of his face, "you okay? Spike?"

"She's beautiful..."

Both my brows shot up at the dreamy tone in the drake's voice and I looked back over to the mare. She had finally turned enough to see her face, and that's when it hit me.

Spike was enamored with the mare.

It took me a moment to realize this, and I felt like the only reason I even knew that was because I had read about the difference between 'true love' and 'having a crush' in a book at some point.

I had never experienced either—at least, not that I could remember.

I cast Spike one more side glance before snorting in amusement and making my way over to greet the mare.

"Hello!" I called out jovially, "I hope I'm not interrupting anything," I trotted up next to her with a slightly apologetic smile, "my name is Twilight Sparkle, and I'm here to—"

"Upupup! Not another word, darling," the mare interjected, waving a dismissive hoof in my face, "terribly sorry for the rudeness, but I'm in the middle of something positively vital to the success of this celebration."

"And... er... what is that?" I asked, completely caught off guard, "i-if you don't mind me asking? I heard there was supposed to be a pony here by the name of Rarity who—"

"Pleasure to make your acquaintance, dear," the mare—apparently Rarity—replied distractedly, "now if you'll give me a moment, I simply must switch out these dreadful banners for something a little more..."

Her words died down into contemplative mutterings as she trotted away to inspect more decorations. I furrowed my brow and reluctantly made my way back over to where Spike still stood, my eyes remaining on the busy mare.

Spike, it seemed, hadn't once taken his eyes off of Rarity since we had entered Town Hall.

"Isn't she perfect, Twi?" he asked with a dumb grin, "so focused, so driven, so passionate, she's... well... perfect!"

I gave Spike a flat look and was about to retort when Rarity's voice suddenly rang out.

"Absolutely stunning!"

I looked back over to Rarity to see her taking a few steps back and scanning the room. A wide, satisfied smile broke out across her face as she admired her work.

"Oh, Rarity, you've simply outdone yourself this time," the eloquent mare said to herself with a nod, "why I doubt even the Princess could do better herself!"

I couldn't help but smile at Rarity's enthusiasm, and I giggled as I trotted over to finally get the mare's attention.

"It really does look amazing," I added, looking over the colorful banners and streamers lining the room, "you've done some very good work here, Rarity."

"Well I should think so," Rarity replied with a huff, "I do seem to have an eye for detail, and I'd simply be remiss as a designer if I didn't put that eye to good use... now then," she finally turned to look at me with a pleasant smile, "I hope you can forgive my—"

She yelped and stumbled backwards.

I winced and flattened my ears.

A strange sensation overwhelmed me for a moment. It was a familiar feeling, something I had felt not too long ago... and somehow I knew that if I gave into that strange sensation, something bad would happen.

I grit my teeth and tried to push the sensation back.

With a bit of effort, the feeling passed and I breathed a sigh of relief. I looked back up towards Rarity, ready to apologize, but my words froze into ice that shot through my veins.


That look.


Never had I been given a look like the one Rarity wore as she stared at me. It was one of such pure, unbridled fear that it made my heart stop dead in my own chest. It was more than just the fear, beneath it I saw something else in her eyes.

There was confusion.

There was... anticipation.

There was... longing?

Time seemed to stop for the two of us as we stared at each other. Her look of utter horror no doubt matched my own, but I had no idea why I was horrified.

Maybe it was due to her reaction, maybe it was something else... I didn't know. All I knew was that I had to leave, or something really, really bad was going to happen.

The sensation was coming back with a vengeance. It was all I could do to speak, the strain becoming too much to bear. 

"S-Spike... we need to go," I said shakily, backing away from the still frozen mare before me, "we need to go... now."

"What? Why?" Spike asked in both bewilderment and disappointment, apparently oblivious to the crushing tension in the room, "Twilight, what's wrong? Why's Rarity acting like that? What happened?"

"Spike, please," I pleaded, shaking my head as I continued to maintain eye contact with, Rarity, "I don't know what's going on, but... you... need... to... leave... is that... understood... Spike?"

I turned to the dragon, waiting for him to obey my command. It took a moment, but his eyes glazed over and a look of understanding crossed his face.

He nodded slowly before promptly turning around and making his way out of Town Hall without a word. With the dragon out of the way I turned back to the shivering mare before me.

"W-What's... what's going on?" she asked, trembling like a leaf, "w-who on Equus are you? A-And why do I... d-do I... I don't..."

I don't know how long it took me to close the distance between myself and Rarity, but before I knew it, I had pressed a hoof to Rarity's lips, shushing the mare gently.

"It's okay, Rarity... you don't know me... and I don't know you... but I want us to be friends, and I think I know the perfect way to accomplish this little endeavor..."

I smiled and dragged my hoof across her face and down to her neck. The snow white mare did nothing more than shiver and stutter, unable to break away from my gaze. As I stared into those teary eyes, I could see it.

She knew what was about to happen.

I knew what was about to happen.

Things were going to be different between the two of us, and Rarity's life would change forever... but that was okay. There would be others—more friends to make, more ponies to communicate with, and when all was said and done... that's all that mattered in the end.

Friendship.

I let out a contented sigh as I heard the tell-tale snap, signaling the end of one life and the start of another.

Rarity fell over, her head twisted in a very unnatural position. I almost laughed at how ridiculous she looked, staring up at me with those milky white eyes.

I held back however, after all, there was more to be done.

Leaning over the body, I brushed my lips past one of her ears and smiled one last time before opening my mouth to speak—my voice coming out in a soft whisper.


It's time to wake up, Rarity.


The reaction was instant.

Her body jerked once and, with another snap, her head properly realigned itself. Her body jerked again before going still.

I straightened up and backed away a step, smiling as I waited for what came next. A moment of complete silence passed, and eventually Rarity shifted.

The mare began to rise with a sort of slow methodical grace, and it wasn't long until she stood tall once more, looking almost regal in her stance.

"Welcome back, Rarity," I greeted with a warm smile, "how do you feel? Are you okay?"

Rarity groaned and cracked her neck a few times before looking back at me—her eyes two swirling black pools and her smile almost beatific.

I found the sight rather striking... it was a good look for her.

She took a moment to answer, taking in her surroundings and nodding in satisfaction. She made her way over to me and once she got close, she pulled me into a brief hug before holding me at legs length, her smile widening slightly.


"I've never felt better than I do now, darling."
> ...I will continue to live my life.
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

For the first time since I had awoken, I felt... somewhat whole.

I felt... not quite complete, but more fulfilled than I had before. I felt as though a part of me that I hadn't even known was missing had returned... but that there were still other parts of me missing.

I still didn't know just who or what I was exactly, but I now knew that I had never originally inhabited this body.

I had indeed existed before this, and I was something altogether different than what I was now. I didn't know what I was... but I knew my 'words' held power.

Somehow, instinctively I knew... this power was mine to begin with, and—while I didn't know the cause—I now had some control over whatever this was.

Something had triggered a change within me, and I had a difficult time coming down from the strange high I was feeling. Was it a side effect of having this part of myself released or unlocked or... whatever it was that happened? 

That too, was something I wasn't quite sure of.

As I watched the new 'friend' I had made trot about the Town Hall cleaning up her decorative supplies, however, something began to shift in the back of my mind and I frowned slightly.

Something was wrong, but I couldn't quite put my hoof on what it was.

As complete as I felt right now, there was something telling me this wasn't right. The feeling only grew in intensity as Rarity froze midway through replacing the several rolls of streamers and slowly turned to face me.

She frowned at me in confusion, but I ignored that as I took a moment to actually assess what I had done to her. Her eyes were still swirling black masses, and the decorations that were held aloft, bore no colorful magic aura as they did so.

Neither did her horn, which meant that whatever she was using to cast her telekinesis wasn't what she'd been using before. Rarity however, either didn't seem to notice, or if she had, she didn't seem to mind.

Other than that, it didn't look like anything else had changed. She was still the same sophisticated sounding, elegant and dedicated white unicorn mare I had seen when I first arrived.

After we had become friends, she had just... resumed what she was doing as if nothing had happened at all. I knew this power somehow, but just like my own identity, I didn't know everything about it—in fact, I didn't know a lot about it.

Still, I felt like something else had changed in the mare. Something important... something... fundamental, but I couldn't tell what from where I was standing... but then I noticed Rarity hadn't said or done anything since I had focused my attention on her.

It was almost like... she was waiting for me to say something. That's when I began to get a sneaking suspicion of what may have been going on... and that suspicion only caused the feeling of wrongness to slowly turn to dread.

The dread in turn, began to push away the rest of the fog that seemed to be clouding my mind, and I became somewhat more lucid.

I hadn't even realized my mind was clouded until the dread had set in.

I needed to confirm my suspicion, so I did my best to push my dread back down and—remembering the sensation—called upon that 'power' I had used earlier.

Come and stand before me, Rarity... I wish to speak to you.

The first thing I noticed was the clatter of several things falling to the floor. I blinked in confusion and it took a second to realize Rarity wasn't where she'd been standing originally.

I was watching her the entire time, and hadn't seen her move an inch. Yet here she was, standing before me, just as I had ordered—with a warm, expectant smile on her face no less.

There was no magical effect, there was no flash, or pop, or tell-tale hum of a teleportation spell being cast... she simply vanished and reappeared right in front of me in an instant.

"Is there something I can do for You, dear?" she asked with a curious tilt of her head. She frowned and suddenly began looking me over with a critical eye, "actually there just might be... perhaps a dress? Something form fitting, soft yellow to compliment the gorgeous lavender of Your coat... cross stitch finish? Hmmm..."

I gawked at her as she circled around me while mumbling something about fabrics and measurements. I was so completely thrown off balance by her sudden desire to make me an outfit that any residual high or haziness dissipated, leaving me feeling a bit awkward and uncomfortable.

"I... um... that's... that's not really necessary, Rarity," I sputtered, "I just needed to talk to you, that's all. Nothing more than that."

Rarity stopped in front of me and frowned in disappointment.

"Oh very well, then," she sighed, "I shan't argue, but if I may be so bold, my Goddess, I think You'd look quite fetching in a lace dress, though if I were to go with that, I think something a little darker in color might be called for... maybe a  dark violet?"

I didn't bother to stop her tangent this time, as I was too stunned and confused by what she had called me to notice.

'My Goddess'? What the hay is she talking about? Why did she call me that?

I decided to ask her just that.

"Rarity."

She cut off her rambling at once and her countenance became much more serious, as though she had sensed the gravity of the situation in my voice.

"Yes, my Goddess?"

I flinched slightly, something inside of me rejecting that title outright, but pressed on nevertheless.

"Why are you calling me that all of a sudden?" I asked, furrowing my brow, "since when did I become a 'Goddess' of any kind?"

Rarity opened her mouth, only to close it once more and frown in contemplation.

"I'm... not quite sure, darling," she replied slowly, "it... just feels right to refer to You as such I suppose, it feels like the respectful thing to do in Your presence."

"But," I swallowed nervously, "we're... we're friends, aren't we? You don't have to call me a... a Goddess, why..."

I trailed off as a horrible realization hit me.

The haze had vanished and I still remembered what I had done to make Rarity this way. It was only then that the sheer weight of what I did slammed into me like a train.

I had killed Rarity.

I killed her, and somehow brought her back to life... not as a new friend... but as something else entirely. Then another thought hit me and I couldn't help but shudder.

Did... did I do the same thing to Minuette and the others back in Canterlot?

After seeing the effect my 'words' had on Rarity, an idea came to me... and I found myself really hoping it didn't work. With a shaky breath, I brought forth the power of my 'words' and called out.

Minuette... Twinkleshine... Lemon Hearts... come now, and stand before your Goddess.

My heart sank as all three mares appeared in the exact same fashion as Rarity—suddenly, quietly, and with no hint of normal unicorn magic whatsoever.

"You called, my Goddess?"

"Heya!"

"It's nice to see You again, my Goddess."

I took a disbelieving step back, slowly shaking my head in horror. Each of them stood there, their eyes just as black as Rarity's. but their demeanor no less vibrant than it had been before.

Each of their smiles were different to some degree, but, like Rarity, they were all looking at me expectantly, waiting for their 'Goddess' to give them a command.

I ignored the thousands of questions rolling about in my head and the shaking in my legs for the moment as I asked the one question I didn't want to know the answer to.

"W-What did I do to you three back in Canterlot?" I asked in a near whisper, before turning to the aqua blue unicorn mare, "and Minuette, how was I able to... use your voice?"

I wasn't sure if they knew what had happened back then, but it was worth a shot. It was Twinkleshine that stepped forward and spoke first.

"I'm not surprised You don't remember, my Goddess—"

"Please," I interrupted, shaking my head, "all of you, just... just call me Twilight, okay? No more of this 'my Goddess' stuff, please."

Everypony in the room seemed to shift uncomfortably before giving various hesitant nods of understanding.

"If You say so, Twilight" Minuette replied with a small shrug, "and to answer Your question, when we came to invite You over to Moon Dancer's party, You were acting kind of weird."

"Right," Twinkleshine continued, "we were worried about You, and the longer we stayed there, the more something began to feel weird... and not in a good way."

"Yeah, we... kind of started to get scared," Lemon Hearts added with a small somewhat guilty frown, "we... it got so bad that we kind of... tried to dissuade You from coming altogether."

"But then that's when You started... talking."

All three of them visibly shuddered at the memory.

"It... I don't really know how to describe what we heard, Twilight," Twinkleshine said, shaking her head with a frown, "but it wasn't Ponish, that's for sure."

Twinkleshine fell silent and Lemon Hearts picked up from where she left off, pawing at the floor nervously, looking ashamed at what she was having to say.

"All I know was that as soon as You opened Your mouth, I felt like my brain was gonna explode, and my heart was gonna burst right out of my chest with fear... it... wasn't a pleasant experience."

"I don't think any of us can really remember what happened after that," Minuette said, scrunching up her face in thought, "the last thing I remember is that You... changed all of a sudden, then there was this horrible pain in my head... and everything went black."

"And... this happened to all of you?" I asked, in a hoarse whisper, "you all... did you all... feel some kind of horrible pain before blacking out?"

I shivered as all three gave affirmative nods.

"I may not remember what happened to You, or the rest of us for that matter," Twinkleshine said with an apologetic frown, "but I do remember hearing a voice whispering in my head at some point."

My mouth was dry at this point. I was desperately trying to keep up, but my brain was running around in circles trying to gather the pieces to the puzzle, and the heart pounding in my chest was a bit distracting.

"A-And... what did this voice say?" I asked, knowing full well that it was probably my voice giving some kind of command, "do you remember?"

All three of them nodded in unison before Minuette spoke.

"I heard my own voice say something like 'You should all rest for now, a new Dawn awaits you... and with it... a new Life'."

"And the next thing we knew, we were all in hospital beds," Twinkleshine continued, "there was nopony in the room, and nopony came when we called."

"We tried opening the door, but it wouldn't budge," Minuette said with an annoyed grimace. Then she smiled at me, "but then we heard Your voice from outta nowhere and... now we're here!"

She finished by gesturing to the room around her. I just sat there and stared at them dumbly, having fallen to a sitting position at some point during the explanation.

They had all fallen silent, something I was thankful for, as it gave me a chance to run the things I had heard through my mind.

I had so many questions I didn't even know where to start, but there was one thing that bothered me the most, and, turning to Minuette I asked the question. my voice quiet and shaky.

"Y-You said I had changed," I began, "how exactly did I change? What did I look like?"

"I... I don't know, Twilight," Minuette replied sadly, "I couldn't describe it then, and I can't describe it now. All I know, was that it... oh, Goddess I'm so sorry to say this, but it... was not a pretty sight. Just looking at You made me want to gouge my eyes out... literally."

The other girls in the room glared at the mare, and she shrunk back with an apologetic smile.

"Hey... She asked, I just told Her the truth," she said somewhat defensively, "you two were there, you saw Her! Could you have described Her any better?"

They must've realized they couldn't because their glares faltered and they looked away in shame. I wasn't bothered by the fact that she had basically referred to me as some kind of hideous abomination unfit to even look at.

No, what bothered me was both the weight she put on words when she was referring to me, as well as the fact that I had changed at all. 

Now that I had noticed it, I realized that they had all been putting that odd emphasis in their tones when they were referring to me.

If I had any doubts before, they were completely gone now.

This... now I knew this was wrong, and I... had to fix it before somepony else found out. Who knew what they would do? Who knew what the Princess would do?

Twinkleshine, Lemon Hearts, and Minuette had already been found and taken to the hospital. I just had to hope nopony had seen the black eyes and weird magic... or lack thereof.

I had to quell the thunderstorm of questions roiling in my mind and think.

"Okay... as... informative as this has all been, I don't think it's a good idea for all of this to get out," I barely registered the fact that I was now pacing back and forth. I stopped and turned to look at each of them in turn, "do any of you really know what's going on?"

All of them, including Rarity, who had been content to remain silent up to this point, looked to each with varying expressions of bemusement before turning back to me and shaking their heads.

I nodded, trying to remain calm and focused as I began pacing once more. It was clear that whatever I had done to these four had turned them into some kind of... obedient servants that worshiped me for whatever reason.

It obviously had something to do with this power I seemed to have, and these 'words' that I spoke. I could bend them to my will, and the thought made me a bit sick. I don't know why I did what I did to Rarity, and why I didn't remember doing any of this to the other three.

I killed them... probably all of them, and I didn't bat an eye when I snapped Rarity's neck... why? What was wrong with me? Why did they call me a Goddess? Why was I able to bring them all back to life? What did this all mean?

And then there were these odd moments of weakness and disorientation as well. I hadn't forgotten about them, and the fact that I had yet to solve that mystery only frustrated me even further.

There were now far more questions than actual answers, and despite my attempts to stay calm and rational, I was freaking out even worse than before.

A sudden tap on my shoulder made me shriek and scramble away slightly. My wide panicky eyes settled on a startled Rarity who took a sheepish step back.

"I'm terribly sorry to bother You, Twilight dear," she said with an apologetic smile, "but You seemed to be in an... ah... advanced state of intense stress."

I stared at her for a second before letting out a heavy sigh.  

"You're right... I'm sorry, Rarity," I replied with a small, but grateful smile, "thank you for getting me back on track," I frowned, determined to sort things out properly, "now then, I'm going to... give you all some commands that I want you to follow."

I can't believe I'm doing this...

They all nodded knowingly and I gave a nod in return before continuing.

"I may not know what's going on here, but I don't want the situation getting any worse than it already is, so for now..."

I took a deep breath and let it out before speaking my commands and silently hoping this would work.

As your Goddess, I demand that you all maintain the utmost secrecy regarding the events surrounding your death and subservience to me. You will all go about your lives as though nothing of note has occurred. Am I understood?

"By Your Will, my Goddess."

All four mares answered simultaneously before blinking. Each of their eyes returned to normal, the swirling blackness vanishing as though it had never been there to begin with.

As soon as that had happened, Minuette, Twinkleshine, and Lemon Hearts vanished the same way they had appeared, in an instant and with no sound or flashy effects whatsoever.

I briefly wondered for a moment where exactly they had gone, but soon put the thought out of my head as I turned back to Rarity. The mare resumed cleaning the rest of the decorations just as she had been before.

I breathed a small sigh of relief as I saw the normal light blue aura of her magic glowing around her horn and the objects she levitated. Then I frowned and narrowed my eyes.

I may not have actually been Twilight Sparkle before... but I was now, and if my memories and experiences were anything to go by, Twilight Sparkle knew magic. 

With a simple glance, I could tell that the aura I had been so relieved to see was nothing more than a simple glamour... an illusion.


There was no real unicorn magic being cast.
> Chapter I – Blessed are the Meek...
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

I spent another few minutes or so gathering my thoughts and trying to swallow everything I had just learned... about myself.

I didn't know what this was all leading up to, but I was certain I didn't like it. I had also taken a moment to think back on how I was when I first woke up, and how different I had become since then.

It was hard to believe that had only been a little more than few hours ago.

I no longer felt awkward and out of place, and even with the new knowledge that I had been something else, I still felt like I had always been Twilight Sparkle.

I hadn't noticed it until now, but even the gaps in my memory were starting to fill in. I recalled a few more things I couldn't before. My guess was that those odd moments of disorientation had something to do with it, but I couldn't be sure.

Whatever the case, there was more to all of this than I knew... much more. I was still trying to wrap my head around it all when Rarity's voice broke through my thoughts.

"Twilight, darling," she asked, trotting over to me with a curious frown, "didn't you have something you needed to do?" she lifted a hoof to her chin in thought, "I believe there was somepony else accompanying you, was there not?"

"There was somepony..." I furrowed my brow in bemusement before it shot back up in alarm, "oh sweet Celestia, Spike!"

I scrambled for the entrance, stopping just long enough to grab my saddlebags and thank the white mare before throwing the door open and rushing outside.

With everything that had happened, I completely forgot I had sent Spike away when my... 'episode' started. I would've worried a lot more about where he had actually gone... if he had actually gone anywhere.

Instead, he was standing just outside the door and off to the left. I almost tripped over my own hooves trying to stop in front of him. 

I was so focused on not planting my face into the ground that I completely missed the high pitched squeal of terror as a pink and yellow mass leapt out of the way.

I managed to stop myself a few hoof-lengths from the door and immediately whipped around to face Spike. I went to call out to the little dragon, but abject confusion silenced whatever I was about to say.

At first glance, Spike looked to be standing alone next to the door, his posture rigid and his eyes glazed over as he stared into the distance. 

It was as though he were a Castle Guard who had been standing at attention for far too long. The comparison would've made me laugh had it not been for the circumstances.

Then I noticed the bushes lining the wall of the Town Hall just behind Spike. They were just normal, nondescript bushes for the most part, save for the one nearest to the door.

That one seemed to be... shivering.

I furrowed my brow in momentary confusion, but quickly put it out of my mind for the moment as I refocused my attention on Spike.

"Spike?" I called out, trotting over to the drake, "Spike can you hear me?"

I received no response.

I tried again to no avail, and took a step back, huffing in an annoyance meant to mask my worry. It took a moment's thought, but I eventually realized that if I had put him in this state using the power of my 'words', I might have to do the same to take him out of it.

I was about to do just that when I remembered the shivering bush. My eyes slowly widened in horror as the implications of what that shivering bush meant set in.

Bushes didn't move like that unless there was somepony causing it. If there was indeed somepony hiding in those bushes, they most definitely saw Spike like this.

If they saw Spike like this, they would've gotten curious, and curiosity would've led them to investigate... and since Spike had apparently been standing just next to the door this entire time...

That curious pony may have heard some things not meant for their ears.

I swallowed hard and took a shaky step towards the shivering bush. In that moment I had no idea what to say. How much did they hear, if anything? Was I going to have to do to them what I did to Rarity and the others?

Did I want to?


Yes... yes I did.


And that terrified me.


"H-Hello?" I called out nervously, "please... you don't have to hide, I don't want... I'm not going to hurt you. I just... just wanna talk, okay?"

The shaking stopped.

For several seconds, nothing happened... then there was more rustling and a single, terrified cerulean eye peeked out from within the bush.

I tried to give my best convincing smile, though I don't know if it worked. The eye blinked once and turned from me to the enthralled dragon, and back to me again.

Its gaze was both fearful and questioning. I followed it over to where Spike was standing and gave a nervous chuckle before turning back to the other pony.

I honestly didn't know what to say at that point. The hidden pony had completely caught me on the backhoof and I was scrambling for something—anything to get myself out of this situation.

She could've, been here the entire time listening in on what had happened, or worse—she may have just decided to take a peek, and if she saw what I did to Rarity...

Should I lie, or risk telling the truth? Would she believe me either way? I didn't want to just come out and ask her if she'd seen anything... but if she really had seen something, I could always just—

"You don't have to worry about Spike here, he's my assistant," I said as calmly as I could muster, "I had an errand to run in Town Hall and he got bored so I had him wait outside until I was done."

I made a show of giving Spike and exasperated look and turned back to the pony with an apologetic smile.

"He's a bit narcoleptic and has a habit of sleeping with his eyes open," I lied, "it kind of tends to freak ponies out. Again, sorry if we scared you."

There was another moment of silence, a silence in which I took the chance to desperately beat down that sensation that almost overwhelmed me again.

Thankfully I was far more successful this time.

The eye stared at me for an uncomfortably long time, the tense silence made worse by the fact that I could no longer read the emotion conveyed in that single eye.

After an agonizingly long minute, the eye drifted back towards Spike and blinked again. My ears perked up as I heard a soft voice speak up from the bush—though it was so quiet I couldn't make it out.

"I'm sorry, what was that?" I asked, taking a step closer, "I didn't quite catch it."

"...be okay?"

I frowned slightly and took another step closer.

"I... still can't hear you," I said, giving the pony another apologetic smile, "one more time?"

This time I took a step back as the bush shifted and the pony within slowly and tentatively emerged. It turned out the pony was a butter yellow pegasus mare.

Her pink mane cascaded down past her face, obscuring most of her facial features from view. Everything about the mare practically screamed 'meek'.

She turned her head towards Spike, but glanced at me, her expression calm and just as hard to read as it was a moment ago.

It was a far cry from when I had first seen her hiding, and frankly, it unnerved me.

"The baby dragon," she said quietly, "I asked if he was going to be okay."

"I... uh... y-yes, yeah," I stuttered, once again caught off guard by the mare's strange demeanor, "he'll be fine, I just... need to wake him up is all."

My rather unconvincing smile slipped a little as the mare continued to stare at me. I was about to say something else when she mercifully turned away and looked back at Spike.

"Oh... okay then," she finally said, her frame visibly relaxing and a small relieved smile crossing her face, "that's... that's good. I came here to meet with somepony, but then I saw him standing out here looking like... that."

She gave Spike a worried frown before shaking her head and turning back to me.

"I'm just glad he had somepony to take care of him," she said with a grateful smile, "I wanted to ask you more about him, but I think it might be best if I just go. You don't need to wake him up on my account."

"Oh," I replied, my eyes widening in disbelief that my flimsy lie had actually worked, "well... thanks, I guess," I composed myself as best I could before continuing, "but I really should wake him up, we have a few things we need to do."

"I understand," the mare replied with a small nod and a shy smile, "I won't bother you anymore. In fact, I have somewhere I need to be as well, so if you'll excuse me..."

She trotted towards me, but just before she was about to pass by, she stopped and turned to look at me again. I wanted to take a step back and put some space between us, but for some reason I couldn't bring myself to move.

She stared into my eyes and I froze.

I didn't move a muscle, even as she slowly raised a hoof to my face. She smile warmly and spoke again—her words soft, quiet... and haunting.

"You're a monster... but you don't want to be, and that's what makes all the difference," she nearly whispered, "I can tell you're confused, but things will get better for you... I just know it."

She lowered her hoof and stepped away before turning around. She gave me one last look over her shoulder.

"My name is Fluttershy by the way," she said with a more polite smile, "I live in a cottage near the Everfree Forest. If you ever feel lost, alone, scared, or angry, feel free to ask me for help and I'll see what I can do for you."

All I could do was nod dumbly.

She nodded in response and trotted away, leaving me with a mix of emotions—bewilderment being the most prevalent. I had no idea what to make of the mare, but she set me on edge in almost the same way the pink pony did.

Unlike the pink pony however, she didn't outright scare me. It was more like... like she left me feeling vulnerable. Like I was some small pet or child to be coddled and fussed over.

I didn't know whether to feel indignant or grateful that she was so understanding. Either way, the mare was certainly... strange, not that I really had any right to judge.

In the end I decided to put the whole encounter out of my mind for now so I could focus on snapping Spike out of the trance I had put him in... somehow.

Just as I had chosen to do with the pink pony, I decided to stay away from Fluttershy. She wasn't as scary as the pink one, but something about her didn't sit right with me.

Somepony with that much insight was liable to be trouble in the future, and with everything that had happened—with everything I had discovered, I didn't need that.

It sounded like she hadn't heard what went on in Town Hall, much to my relief... but there was still something nagging at me in the back of my mind about the mare.

She had looked so scared when I first saw her, only to completely change in a matter of moments. Then there was the fact that she just up and left without even meeting with the pony she was looking for.

Was it Rarity she was supposed to meet with, or was somepony else supposed to be there? Whatever it was about, it had nothing to do with me, so I also put that out of my mind.

"Spike," I intoned, "we're done here, it's time to go."

The reaction was instant.

The baby dragon shuddered and blinked rapidly before shaking his head.

"Ugh... Twilight?" he began groggily, "we're leaving already?" he looked around in confusion before looking back to me, "wait... how did I get out here? What happened?"

"Nothing much," I replied casually, "you were getting a bit bored while Rarity and I were talking, so you stepped outside, and I found you sleeping out here."

"Really?" he asked with a slight frown, "that's... weird. I don't remember going outside or falling asleep."

"Well you did," I replied with a small shrug, "are you feeling okay?"

"Yeah... I guess so," he said uncertainly. He looked back at the entrance to Town Hall, "so... I didn't really miss anything then?"

"Nope," I replied with false cheer, "I know you wanted to talk to Rarity, but we need to move on for now."

"Aw seriously?" Spike whined, whipping back around to face me, "I didn't even get to say a single thing to her! I was gonna tell her how I..."

He stopped and blushed as I raised an eyebrow at him.

"How you what?" I teased.

"...Nothing, nevermind," he mumbled, looking away, "let's just go."

My teasing smile fell away when I saw his dejected look.

"I'll tell you what," I conceded, "once we're done here, we can look for Rarity again so you can tell her what you want to tell her, okay?"

That seemed to cheer him up slightly and he nodded.

"Good," I replied with a smile before lighting up my horn and pulling the list of events from out of one of my saddlebags, "now then, let's see who's next... on... the..."

"...Twilight?" Spike asked, furrowing his brow in confusion, "hey... Twilight, you okay?"

I didn't respond.

I just stared at the piece of parchment with my mouth slightly agape in disbelief and dismay. My eyes passed over the name on the list a few times before I quietly rolled up the parchment and placed it back in my bag.

"Twilight?"

"I'm fine, Spike," I replied quickly, "I just... I'm fine. Come on, we're behind schedule as it is."

Before Spike could say anything else, I trotted ahead at a brisk pace, not quite at a canter, but close. The last name on the list wasn't one I was expecting to see, nor did it bring me any kind of joy. 

I enjoyed music as much as the next pony. The choice to use birdsong for the music at the Summer Sun Celebration was certainly a unique one, and it promised to be entertaining if nothing else... but the conductor... the conductor just had to be one of the two ponies I didn't want to see again.

At the very least, she was the last pony I had to meet for the day, and then I could finally rest at the library. If I really had to, I think I could handle meeting her again.

It would be fine.

As long as I didn't run into the pink pony again or have another 'episode' and kill somepony, everything would be fine.

I just had to believe everything would turn out fine.
> Chapter II – The Pink One
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pinkamena Diane Pie trotted down the streets of Ponyville in a half daze.

Not bounced, not pronked, not hopped, but trotted... and quickly. She received the occasional 'hello' and 'how do you do' from the townsfolk, but in a rare show of unfriendliness, she completely ignored them.

It wasn't the regular ponies of Ponyville that she needed to worry about, but the ones who could feel it... the ones who could sense it.

She could see it in many of the ponies she passed by. The path She had cut through town was obvious in the way that Pinkie could hear the ones who had felt Her touch and responded, both consciously and subconsciously.

She heard it in the hushed, worried whispers, saw it in the nervous, directionless glances that belied a secret, forbidden, and probably confusing want, the ones that would simply sit there staring into space, lost to the world around them.

Pinkamena Diane Pie had watched for all these things and more. She was nervous, she was excited, she was terrified, she was ecstatic.

She didn't quite know how to feel at the moment.

After all, Her Goddess—the true Goddess had finally decided to bless Equus with Her presence after so many countless ages of waiting. The tales had been true, and the promised advent of the Dead Goddess had finally come to pass.

For generations upon generations, the story of the Dead Goddess and the Last Pie had been passed down in the Pie Family line, so that none forgot just who, and what they owed the continuation of their own lineage to.

For it was told in her family that through dark, desperate, and mysterious means, a deal was struck between the Dead Goddess and Onyx Pie, the last living member of the Pie Family at the time, many, many millennia ago.

The stallion had been getting on in years, and during a time of great upheaval in Equestria, he sought to keep his bloodline alive by any means necessary. 

The stallion was completely sterile and could not produce an heir, so in his desperation he thought to bargain with a being beyond even Celestia's power.

And so it was that he summoned the Dead Goddess herself, but not before being fatally wounded when war had finally reached his hometown.

As he lay dying in his own home, the vision of the Goddess came to him. He explained his plight to the Goddess and it was said that the Goddess took pity on the stallion, granting him his final wish... for a price.

Though Pinkie had no idea how the heir was produced or the full extent of what that price was, Granny Pie had always loved to tell Pinkie and her sisters the story of Onyx Pie when they were foals.

'Our family tree will continue to bear fruit so long as we keep the memory of Our Goddess alive', her Granny Pie had said countless times, 'nopony else is to know of Her existence but us Pies, not until the time is right'.

Until now, it had been the Pie Family's most well kept secret. So well kept was it that not even the millennia's old Princess of the Sun knew... but she would, if she didn't already.

It was said that the Goddess had not seen fit to grace Equus upon first contact, but rather spoke to the Last Pie from beyond the Veil of Darkness.

Her presence was not felt by Celestia then... but now...

Now that she was here and given flesh, things would change. Pinkie Pie didn't know exactly how things would change—nopony in her family did—but she had been told to expect Equus to undergo a new age of... something.

Again, the details weren't clear, but that didn't matter to Pinkie.

She had also been told from a very young age that she had a gift. She was told the gift was a blessing from the Dead Goddess Herself, and that her own birth signaled Her return.

If Pinkie was being completely honest, she had a hard time believing everything she was told, and when she finally moved from her farm to Ponyville, she had put the whole idea of the Goddess out of her mind entirely.

It wasn't like she hated the Goddess or despised her family's worship of her. It was more that she found the whole idea outlandish and... well... more than a little bit silly.

She hadn't taken their faith seriously, and merely wrote off her gift—something she had decided to call her 'Pinkie Sense'—as some kind of... well, she didn't know, but it certainly couldn't have been because of some otherworldly, eldritch Goddess of Death!

That was just silly!

But no... no it wasn't.

The Dead Goddess was very real, and She had returned to walk the earth, just like Granny Pie always said She would. 

She had been told many things about the Goddess, but for all the lore passed down in the Pie Family, the Goddess was still very much a mystery.

She hadn't felt it until she was right in front of her, but when she met that lavender pony, she knew. Something deep within her resonated strongly, and she knew it was Her.

She had arrived so suddenly, that Pinkie was completely caught off guard. The fact that she was caught off guard caught her off guard.

Pinkie Pie was never caught off guard.

She didn't know how to react, and in her shock, she had said something horrible to the very being she was supposed to be worshipping. The very being to whom her family owed it's continued existence.

She was scared, but at the same time—as she moved about town, following her Pinkie Sense to the local library—she began to wonder about the Goddess, and the mare herself.

She may have been terrified when she first realized just who she had run into, but she could also see that the mare—not the Goddess, but the mare, was just as scared as Pinkie herself was, if not more.

Why was that?

Was there some kind of dissonance between the mare and the Goddess? A conflict of the spirit perhaps? Pinkie's Sense could tell her a lot, and while it couldn't tell her everything, she did understand that something was wrong.

That something hadn't... mixed right when the Goddess arrived. The only conclusion Pinkie could draw was that there had been some kind of disturbance when the Goddess had taken her host, but she wasn't even sure of that.

Now, as she slammed the door open and entered the as-of-now empty library, her uncharacteristically pensive expression turned slightly more hopeful.

She had been expecting some kind of horrible retribution for not following the tenets of worship that her family did, as well as her outburst from when she and the mare first met... but maybe that wasn't going to be the case?

The mare didn't seem to recognize her at all, and again, there was that odd unbridled fear in her eyes when she spoke. 

Maybe... just maybe, she and the mare could be friends. Pinkie Pie loved making new friends after all, and she was supposed to herald the coming of the Goddess herself.

She had never figured out what that meant, but maybe this was it.

Pinkie Pie looked around the main room of the library, her smile returning in full force. She wasn't sure why the mare was so scared of her, but she wouldn't let that stop her from trying to befriend the mare, and by extension, Her Goddess.

She needed to prepare  something grand, something spectacular, something Ponyville had never seen before, but that could wait for now.

If there was one thing Pinkie remembered about the Dead Goddess, it was that her very presence affected living beings in different and sometimes odd ways.

Pinkie was taught to see the signs of Her return, and she indeed saw them everywhere she went. Some of the ponies—ponies she had grown to know and like all over Ponyville, weren't acting like themselves.

They were distracted, distant, and worried.

Normally, Pinkie would've just chalked this up to them having an off day or something of the like, but through her Pinkie Sense—which itself seemed to have heightened since the mare's arrival in town—she could tell they were touched by Her Goddess's presence in one way or another.

She was going to throw the biggest 'Welcome-to-Equus' party Her Goddess had ever seen, and she'd get the mare to warm up to her no matter what it took. 

They themselves might not have known it, but the ponies who'd been affected by Her presence would eventually seek her out for their own reasons—or at least, reasons they thought were their own.

By inviting those ponies to her party, all Pinkie would be doing is speeding the process along.

It didn't matter how wary, nervous, or creeped out they were by her presence. They would all flock to Her eventually. They couldn't not, for the mare was the Goddess after all—a real Goddess, unlike Celestia.

Celestia was an ancient, immortal  and powerful being in her own right, but she was still ultimately a being of the White Dimension—a peaceful realm of light, life, and magic.

The Goddess resided in the Black Dimension—a place normally anathema to this plane of existence. Even at her most powerful, Celestia couldn't hold a candle to any being from the Black Dimension, let alone the Dead Goddess.

Or so Pinkie had been told anyway. She had no idea if that was actually true or not, and didn't really want to find out if she could help it.

Pinkie didn't know much about the Black Dimension aside from the fact that the beings that lived there were unlike anything this world had ever seen.

That was another thing that had bothered Pinkie about her family's worship of the Dead Goddess. Whenever she would ask about where She came from or what made Her so almighty, all she got were vague answers that didn't explain anything.

Why worship a deity you knew nothing about?

The details on how the Goddess had been able to make it into this realm were lost on Pinkie, but she was certain it had something to do with the lavender mare.

What little she did know about the Goddess, and the other beings of the Black Dimension, was that they couldn't directly inhabit this plane without help, and She was probably only able to exist through the mare... somehow.

Still, now that she knew the Goddess actually existed, she wanted to find out more. This party she had planned on throwing would be the perfect opportunity to sate her curiosity. 

She knew, through her Pinkie Sense, that the mare would be coming to the library, and soon.

The party would give her a chance to not only gain a new friend, but to pick the mare's brain as well. Hopefully she'd get more answers than her family was willing to provide, and she'd get to do what she loved at the same time.

It was perfect!

With her plan in place, Pinkie nodded in satisfaction and left the library to obtain her supplies and hoof out the invites.  She pronked out the door with a big smile on her face, her usual cheer once more at the forefront, much to the delight of the citizens around her. 


Whatever happened in the end, Pinkie knew this was going to be one Summer Sun Celebration nopony would forget any time soon.
> Chapter III – The Library
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

A faint smile of relief crossed my face as the giant tree adorned with a door, balconies, and windows came into view.

The Golden Oaks Library.

Technically I was supposed to check on how Fluttershy was coming along with the music, but I chose instead to completely forgo that visit and head straight for the library.

She seemed like a capable mare when she spoke to me, so I wasn't too worried about it. Besides that, I was mentally exhausted from all the madness I had run into today.

Thankfully Spike agreed, and was just as ready to call it a day as I was. I had long since stopped caring about the strange looks and not-so-quiet whispers I was attracting.

I still found them odd, but with how drained I was, I just couldn't bring myself to worry about it. On top of that, it actually did help that I had at least a tiny bit more insight as to what the problem was.

Though there was still a lot I didn't understand.

"We're almost there, Spike," I sighed, "and once we get in, we can finally put the rest of this crazy day behind us—at least until later tonight."

"Yeah, no kidding," Spike agreed with an emphatic nod, "today's been weird, Twi. I don't know about you, but when we get to the library, I'm gonna find a bed and nap so hard, not even an Ursa Major's gonna be able to wa—"

"Twilight, dear, a word if you please?"

Both Spike and I jumped, shouting in surprise at the sudden and familiar voice coming from right next to us.

I whipped around to face Rarity, who took a step back at our reaction. She collected herself quickly and smiled apologetically.

"Rarity?!" I cried in shock and bemusement, "w-what are you—how did you... wait, no," I cast a quick glance at Spike, "nevermind, I forgot you could cast a flashless teleportation spell."

Spike paid no attention to my lie, focusing all his attention on the mare in front of him. Once he realized who had shown up, he completely forgot all about her sudden and silent entrance.

I shook my head at the stupid grin that crossed his face and looked around me. Seeing there was no one in the immediate area, I turned back to Rarity with a small frown.

"Rarity, what are you doing here?" I asked worriedly, "I thought you were still cleaning up Town Hall?"

"I just finished not too long ago," Rarity replied, brushing her mane out of her azure eyes, "I'm terribly sorry for startling You like that, darling, but I thought it prudent to warn You before You reached the library."

"Warn me?" I asked, my frown turning quizzical, "warn me of what?"

In response, an open envelope with a card partially sticking out of it popped into existence landing neatly on top of Rarity's outstretched hoof.

"I'm still not sure how..." Rarity paused and glanced at Spike. She gave him a small smile and turned back to me, ignoring Spike's sigh of happiness, "...well, I'll leave that discussion for later."

I raised an eyebrow, but decided not to comment as I waited for her to speak again. Whatever she wanted to talk about must've had something to do with what happened earlier if she was changing the subject in front of Spike.

"For now, I came to tell You that after an... interesting conversation with an even more interesting mare, I was invited to a surprise party to be held in Your honor at the very library You were headed to."

"A surprise... oh, you've got to be kidding me," I grumbled, "this was the last thing I needed right now."

"Indeed," Rarity agreed with a nod, "You've had quite an exciting day I'd imagine, dear. That was why I told You ahead of time. Pinkie insisted I keep it a secret, but... are You okay, dear? You seem rather... pale."

"Rarity," I asked quietly, "this mare... Pinkie. What does she look like?"

Rarity eyed me in confusion but replied nevertheless.

"Well," she said uncertainly, "her name is Pinkamena Diane Pie, but we all just call her Pinkie Pie. She's... well... her name is quite apt as far as her coat, mane, and tail are concerned. All of it is pink—though the shade is darker for the mane and tail."

"Pinkamena... Diane... Pie."

The Pie Family.

As soon as Rarity mentioned the name 'Pinkie', that strange overwhelming fear gripped me. At first I didn't know where the fear was coming from, and it confused me.

That all changed when she spoke Pinkie's full name. When I heard that mare's full name, something clicked into place and the fear fell away.

Images and sensations flashed in my mind, things I couldn't make sense of, but were familiar all the same.

The sounds of battle from afar.

The smell of ash and blood.

A strange looking equine creature, felled in its own home—its coat black as unburnt coals, its mane and tail flaming curls of bright orange and ashen grey.

An older stallion whose cerulean eyes were dim, the veil of death settling over his weakened, bleeding form. 

Though, despite his imminent demise, there was still a burning desire—a desperate wish yet unfulfilled.

Such a poor creature.

You've been through much, and I find your perseverance admirable.

I shall grant your final wish, desperate equine. Your family's legacy will continue... but my generosity is not without price, Dying One.

Tell me, feeble equine mortal, are you willing to pay that price? Are you willing to cast your mortal soul into the darkest depths of the Black Dimension?


...Very well.


"In Death, new Life is born, and the price for this Boon of Progeny is thus, the Pie Family is forever bound by My Will, and the Gifted shall practice Servitude Eternal should I ever deign to return to this world."


"Twilight? Are you alright, My Goddess?"

I blinked rapidly and raised a hoof to my head, trying to massage away the sudden pounding headache.

"Ugh... what?" I muttered, "Rarity? I'm sorry, I didn't quite—"

The knowledge that I had just said something strange, creepy, and very incriminating suddenly rose to the forefront of my mind, and I snapped a panicked gaze towards Spike...

...only to find the little drake snoring softly as he lay curled up on the ground.

"Wha... huh?" I spluttered in confusion, "Spike?"

"I'm afraid his current state of consciousness is my fault," came Rarity's apologetic voice. I turned back to the other mare and she smiled, "it seems Pinkie Pie's name invoked some kind of unintended reaction, and I know You haven't yet told Your dragon assistant about any of this."

"Oh, um... yeah," I replied, still somewhat stunned at the sudden turn of events, "I guess you could say that..." I turned back to Spike, "so... you put him to sleep?"

"I did," Rarity confirmed, following my gaze and smiling at Spike, "the poor dear was already tuckered out as it was," she looked back at me, her expression a bit more serious, "he'll remain asleep until either You or I give the command to awaken."

"Alright then," I replied, floating Spike's sleeping form over and onto my back, "thanks... I guess," I gave him one last worried look before turning back to Rarity.

"I remembered something—about Pinkie Pie, I mean. Well, her family anyway," I explained, "I don't remember everything, but I know there was some kind of deal I apparently made at some point."

"Oh?" Rarity replied, leaning forward with an intrigued expression, "do tell, darling!" she paused and turned to head in the direction of the library, "oh but I imagine you want to get this silly surprise party over with?"

"Right," I replied, following after the other mare, "we still have a bit of time before we arrive, so I'll tell you on the way."

As we trotted the rest of the way, I told Rarity of what I knew. As it stood, I had visited Equestria once before a long time ago through some means I didn't really understand.

Some dying stallion had begged me to maintain his family line, and I agreed. I didn't remember what happened to him after that, or what I did exactly, but I remembered the deal I made.

I remembered something about eternal servitude, and that it was supposed to be this Gifted that was meant to serve me in the future if I ever came back to Equestria.

Given the reaction I had to Pinkie's name, I surmised that it could only be her. Strangely enough, whenever I thought about the mare now, I felt no fear whatsoever.

Was I simply afraid of remembering?

If that was the case, then why, and what did it mean now that the fear had vanished? Was I supposed to do to her what I did to Rarity and the other three mares?

I shuddered at the thought.

"How fascinating," Rarity replied after I had finished, "to think, You had graced our fair country in ages past."

"Well, I get the feeling it wasn't quite that simple," I responded with a troubled frown, "but yeah, apparently I've been here before."

Rarity hummed to herself thoughtfully before responding.

"You know, that actually lines up with what Pinkie told me before she gave me this invitation."

"What do you mean?" I asked, furrowing my brow, "what did she say?"

"Well, it was the strangest thing at the time," she began slowly, "she knew I had... er... changed the moment she saw me. She even knew that it was You that caused the change."

My heartbeat quickened slightly.

"Oh, really?" I replied uncertainly, "and... uh... what happened next?"

"She..." Rarity paused again, "well, she seemed rather nonchalant about the whole thing, saying she was more or less in the same boat... probably."

"Probably?"

"Probably," Rarity confirmed, "her exact words. She also knew about the other three somehow."

"The other..." I muttered before widening my eyes, "you mean Minuette, Lemon Hearts, and Twinkleshine? How?"

"I'm not quite sure, darling, but I'm also not surprised," Rarity said, shaking her head, "Pinkie's always been a bit of an oddball among the citizens of Ponyville. Things like this are actually quite normal for the mare."

I was silent for a moment. I turned back to the path ahead to see that we had finally reached the library.

"So," I continued after a few moments, "you think she might be this Gifted, then?"

We both stopped in front of the entrance and Rarity turned to me with a small shrug.

"I'm not one hundred percent sure, but it seems very likely, dear," she answered, "with the things that mare is capable of—the frankly absurd and impossible things I've seen her do, again, I wouldn't be surprised if she turned out to be this 'Gifted'."

I look at Rarity for a few seconds longer, giving a slow nod before turning to the door. At the very least, I'd be able to ask Pinkie what she knew without freaking out.

I just hoped I didn't end up doing to the mare what I did to the others. Maybe she knew more about this 'Servitude Eternal' thing, and could explain exactly what that entailed.

Maybe she could tell me more about that memory.

"Well then, are You ready, dear?" Rarity asked patiently, "there's going to be several ponies in there, and it's... well, it's going to get rather loud."

"I... I think I'll be okay," I replied with what I hoped was a convincing smile, "let's just... head inside and get it over with."

Rarity nodded and pushed the door open.

"SURPRISE!!!"

"GAAH!"

I stumbled back in alarm, scrambling away from the bright blue eyes that filled my vision as soon as I stepped inside.

"I'm sooo glad You could make it! Honestly I was a bit worried because almost nopony showed up, even though I told them all it was to welcome a very special pony. They all said they'd come, but none of them showed, and that made me a bit sad, but there were a few that managed to make it and—"

"Pinkie, dear," Rarity interjected, as she stepped in behind me, "can you please give the mare some space?"

"Rarity!" Pinkie cried, stepping around me and pulling the white unicorn into a tight hug, "ohmygosh, I didn't think you'd come too!" she pulled back and frowned, "well, I mean, that's what I thought at first, but then I remembered that special bond you and Twilight share, and then I thought 'duh, of course she's gonna show'!"

As Pinkie continued to ramble on, I tried to reconcile this overly peppy pink mare with the somber, blank faced mare I'd seen when I first arrived.

To my surprise, it wasn't all that hard.

And what does she mean by 'special bond'? Is she talking about—

"Yo, Twilight! Over here!"

I blinked in surprise and looked past Pinkie and Rarity to see a familiar cyan pegasus waving at me with a large grin.

My heart skipped a beat as I saw the other two ponies standing at a nearby table.

Applejack and—to my dismay, Fluttershy—both stood opposite Rainbow Dash. They all looked at me with mixed expressions.

The farm pony eyed me with both concern and a bit of wariness, something I found odd given the warm reception she gave me earlier.

Fluttershy stood a bit apart from the others, most of her face hidden behind her long pink mane. When she noticed she'd caught my attention, she stood a little straighter and gave me a warm smile.

I would've smiled back if it weren't for that gaze that seemed to pierce right through me. The smile was one hundred percent genuine, but that somehow made it all the more unsettling.

I shivered involuntarily and looked away, turning instead to Rainbow Dash.

The rainbow maned pegasus seemed to be the only one unaffected by my presence for some reason, and I found myself curious as to why—not that I was complaining.

I gave them all a nervous smile and a small wave before looking around the library. I saw that the immediate area was completely decked out in colorful streamers, fallen confetti, and balloons.

There were several tables set up around the main room and piled high with all sorts of confections and drinks. I also saw a few party games here and there, though they looked as of yet, untouched. 

Looking around, I could see that as festive as the library was, it was devoid of any actual party-goers save for the six of us and the still snoozing Spike.

"Sooo, what do ya think?"

I turned to see Pinkie smiling expectantly. I glanced at Rarity who nodded encouragingly before trotting off to speak with the others.

As I watched the other mares converse, I was suddenly and acutely aware that it was just me and Pinkie standing alone near the entrance.

I swallowed and gave Pinkie a shaky smile.

"It's... uh... it's... nice, Pinkie," I said without much enthusiasm, "you definitely caught me off guard."

"Oh pshaw," Pinkie scoffed, wrapping a hoof around my withers and pulling me close, "You don't gotta lie to me, Twilight, I know this is one pooper of a party. It would've been a lot more spectacular if the rest of the town had shown up like they were supposed to."

She frowned.

"A lot more spectacular."

For a moment I saw something odd in her eyes, but before I could glean anything from her look, she pulled away, her friendly smile back in place.

"Anywho, I'm sure the six of us can have just as much fun together now that You're here," she pronked over to a spiraling staircase that led to a door built into the ceiling of the first floor and stopped at the first step.

"I bet You have a lot of questions, huh?" she asked quietly, her back still turned to me, "well that's okay, because I do too, and maybe together we can figure something out."

I stared at her.

I... didn't know what to say.

She was right of course, I did still have plenty of questions left unanswered. I even suspected that Pinkie might have a few of those answers, but this?

Given what I saw in my memory, and her current demeanor, I knew there had to be more to Pinkie than what she was showing the others.

"You're not scared of me anymore.... that's... good."

I furrowed my brow.

"What?"

"Hey, girls?" Pinkie called out in her normal cheery tone, "I'm gonna show Twilight around the library, 'kay?"

"What?" Rainbow complained through a mouthful of cake, "but she just got here! She hasn't even tried this awesome cake yet!"

Applejack merely stared at Pinkie and I as she took a sip from her cup of punch, her face unreadable. After a moment she looked away, maintaining a stony silence. 

Both Rarity and Fluttershy simply nodded and smiled before going back to their own hushed discussion. I frowned worriedly as I took particular note of their serious expressions.

Pinkie giggled at Rainbow Dash.

"Don't worry, Dashie, I doubt Twilight is very hungry," she assured, before turning back to me, "right, Twilight?"

"Uh, yeah," I replied hesitantly, remembering the incident at the farm, "you can go ahead and eat without me, Rainbow Dash."

Rainbow looked from Pinkie and I to the large three layer cake in front of her before shrugging and cutting herself another slice.

"Suit yourself, I guess. That just means more for me," she replied, shoving more cake into her maw, "don't take too long, alright? I wanna see if Twilight can match me and AJ at pin the tail on the pony."

"We won't be too long," Pinkie promised, "don't have too much fun without us!"

With that, Pinkie nodded towards the staircase before bouncing up the steps. After a moment's thought, I made sure Spike was secure on my back before tentatively following her up.

Once we reached the top, Pinkie pushed open the door and we stepped inside. To my surprise the entire second floor was a bedroom, complete with a bed on a raised platform, a vanity, a closet, and a small, fully stocked bookshelf built into the wood below the bed.

I was rather amazed at how... homey it was.

So this is where Spike and I are going to be staying...

The gentle click of a closing door caught my attention and I turned to see Pinkie looking back at me.

Any overt cheerfulness and mirth had vanished from her features, replaced with a more subtle smile. The look in her eye was one of intrigue and curiosity.

Though, beyond that I could see a bit of worry and even a little hesitation.

"So," I began, awkwardly shifting Spike on my back, "I'm assuming you wanted to talk?"

"Mhm," Pinkie replied before trotting over to the chair in front of the small vanity, "there's a lot to talk about, and not a lot of time before the others get suspicious—well, aside from Rarity I mean."

"Oh, right," I replied, rubbing the back of my neck, "she told me you had talked to her already. I guess that means you know everything already, huh?"

"I know a few things, but not everything," Pinkie replied airily. She turned the chair around and sat down before speaking again, "but what happened with Rarity isn't important right now."

She leaned forward in the chair, a wide, excited smile snaking its way onto her face. I took an unsure step back, suddenly wary of the pink mare.

"What is important, is that You've finally made Your way into the White Dimension at last, just like Granny Pie said you would!"

My mouth opened and closed uselessly for a few seconds.

"I... w-what?" I stammered, "Granny Pie? Who..."

Pinkie just giggled again and gave me another friendly smile.

"Welcome to Ponyville, Twilight Sparkle," Pinkie's smile widened and her eyes lit up with barely contained glee, "and welcome back to Equus... My Goddess."
> Chapter IV – Existential Crisis
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

There it was again... that title.

Goddess.

Just what did that even mean? What kind of Goddess was I supposed to be? How old was I? What was I? Where was I before? What did I look like before I became Twilight Sparkle? 

Pinkie's statement just brought all these questions back to the surface of my mind. Well, she knew some things about me that I didn't know myself.

She may have said she didn't know everything, but she definitely knew more than I did.

"Pinkie," I began, levitating Spike over to the bed above us, "I know you said we could work together to figure things out, but at this point, I don't really know anything about myself—or rather, who I'm supposed to be."

Pinkie frowned, tilting her head in confusion.

"What do you mean?" she asked, "you saying you lost your memory or something?"

"I..." I hesitated a moment, "I... well, I guess I must have. All I remember before waking up under a tree was complete Darkness, then these strange dots of light, then the lights moved, then... I was Twilight Sparkle."

"Huh," Pinkie replied, furrowing her brow and raising a hoof to her chin, "well that's weird. I guess something must've happened during your transition from the Black Dimension into our world."

"Pinkie, what is this Black Dimension?" I pressed, almost desperate for any kind of answer, "you said something about a White Dimension, now there's a Black Dimension, and apparently that's where I was, but I don't remember any of that.

"I know I wasn't always Twilight Sparkle, but at the same time, I don't remember ever being anypony or anything else," I continued, beginning to pace around the room, "sure, things were strange and new at first, but as time went on, I started to feel more... I dunno, natural."

I stopped pacing and turned to Pinkie with my forelegs outstretched.

"...And now here we are," I exclaimed, "I don't know who this 'Goddess' is that I'm supposed to be, and yet I found out that I have the power to bring ponies back to life and... control them or something—make them subservient."

I shook my head rapidly and took a step towards the wide eyed mare in front of me. My own eyes were wide and panicked as I reflected back on everything that happened today.

"Pinkie," I whispered hoarsely, "I killed Rarity... in cold blood. I snapped her neck like it was nothing, and then I brought her back to life with nothing but my words!"

I barely even noticed the shaking in my hooves as I confessed to what I had done.

"It wasn't even hard! All I had to do was tell her to wake up, and she did! And she wasn't even the first!" for some reason, my eyes wandered over to where Spike was resting on the bed, "...what kind of pony am I? I didn't used to be able to do these things."

"You've always been able to do those things, silly!"

I whipped back around to glare at the pink earth pony, but my glare faltered when I saw her warm, understanding smile.

"I... then why don't I remember?" I cried, "what happened to me? All I remember, everything I am, everything I know, everypony I know, has to do with Twilight Sparkle!"

"I don't have any real answers for you, Twilight," Pinkie replied calmly, "I can only make guesses."

I stared at the other mare for a long moment before closing my eyes and taking a deep breath. I released it and opened my eyes, willing my panic to subside with mixed results.

"Fine," I replied wearily, "make a guess then... please."

"I thought about it a lot after I ran into you earlier," Pinkie's smile faltered, "sorry about what I said by the way, I wasn't expecting to see you and I said something super mean without meaning to."

"It's fine," I replied impatiently, "just tell me what you think is going on."

Pinkie looked at me for a moment before shrugging.

"Alright then," her expression turned slightly more serious, "like I said, I thought about it, and I think something interfered when you tried to possess your host."

"Host?" I asked furrowing my brow, "are you saying I'm possessing Twilight Sparkle? Or am I the one being possessed?"

"I don't know!" Pinkie replied cheerfully, "I don't know who you are right now, so I've just been referring to you as both in my head!"

I was so messed up I didn't even know if I was the invader or the invaded, though I felt more like Twilight, and it was her memories I held on to... or were they my memories?

"Oh sweet Celestia," I muttered weakly as I fell to my haunches, "I... I think... no, I don't know what to think. I just... I just wanted to make friends! At least... I think I did..."

I was spiraling.

Things still weren't making sense, and Pinkie wasn't helping. A headache was coming on, and even as it hit, I could feel it already growing past that and into a full blown migraine.

Pinkie was saying something, but I couldn't hear her over the sound of my beating heart. In fact, that's the only thing I could hear. It drowned everything else out, and it was all I could focus on.

Why is it so loud?

My eyes clenched shut and I fell to my knees as I felt something writhe and throb and twist inside me. It didn't hurt, but it scared me.

It scared me so much I felt as though I was going to be sick from it. I was supposed to be asking Pinkie Pie these questions. I still had so many more questions to ask.

So many questions.

The migraine faded away and the heartbeat slowed further and further until it stopped altogether, leaving only silence behind.

So many questions.


What is this?


Another sound cut through the silence.

It was faint at first, but grew louder and louder until I could make it out clearly. It was... humming. Somepony—no... something was humming a tune.

It wasn't equine.

I knew it wasn't equine.

What is this? What's making that noise?

The writhing, twisting, and throbbing sensation hadn't gone away, and somewhere in the distance, I could hear a scream, then more screams, but I ignored them all and focused on the humming.

I felt the ground shake, but I paid it no heed as I tried to figure out the source of that maddening sound.

It was so loud, so haunting, so... familiar.

Make it stop...

Everything sank back into Darkness.

Make it stop... please...

The motes of light were back.

I was once again back in my Darkness, confronted by those horrible shimmering lights. They moved and swayed in a hypnotic rhythm, horrifying as they were graceful.

I shuddered and felt the world quake violently—the sound like booming thunder in my ears. I couldn't see it, but I could feel it all falling apart.

It was all falling away, just like before.

Before? What happened before? What's happening now?

It didn't matter.

All that mattered now was the humming—the tune so haunting and familiar and relentless. I could hear it getting closer and closer.

The light continued their mocking dance and I felt myself growing angry. The lights, the humming, the shaking, the fear, the lights, the confusion, the lights, the lights, the lights...

The lights.

I just want it all to stop.


"As you wish it, so shall it be... my Goddess."





















"Twilight!"


My ear twitched and I heard myself groan. Disoriented, I tried to open my eyes, but my eyelids felt far too heavy and I gave up.


"Twilight!  Can you hear me?!"


I could feel something slipping away and, like a  half remembered dream, it was fading fast. I tried to hold onto it, but I couldn't... and it pulled away from me, leaving me with a feeling of emptiness, fear, desolation, sorrow... 

...and a strange sense of satisfaction.

"Twilight!"

I groaned again and managed to open my eyes just a fraction, seeing a large pink blob through the blurry haze.

"Buh... Pinkie?" I croaked, reorienting myself as I attempted to rise to my hooves. With the movement I became aware that I was lying on my back on something soft, "I... what happened? Where are—"

My questions were cut off by a surprised yelp as I felt myself get pulled into a tight embrace.

"Twilight!" screamed a familiar voice, "ohmygosh, Twilight! Are you okay? What happened to you? You were starting to freak out and I tried to calm you down but then you suddenly fell over and—"

"Pinkie, for crying out loud, give her some space would ya?" came a raspy, irritated feminine voice, "I know she's got some tough hide under that fur, but if you squeeze her any tighter she's gonna pop."

"Oops... sorry, Dashie," I heard Pinkie reply as she released me, "just got a bit carried away." 

With Pinkie no longer supporting me, I fell onto my back. I blinked away the remaining spots in my eyes and took a moment to look around.

I was in the bedroom above the library, specifically laying atop the bed where Spike had been before. It was darker than I remembered, and, facing the window, I could immediately see why.

The sun had nearly set in the sky, and night was fast approaching.

How long was I out? Why was I even out in the first place?

"Geez, Twi, you really know how to freak a pony out, don't ya?"

I turned and saw Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie, Rarity, and—to my shock—Minuette, Lemon Hearts, and Twinkleshine all standing around my bedside.

"You girls," I began, looking around in bewilderment, "what are you all doing here?"

"Worrying about you, dear," Rarity replied, taking a step forward, "when Pinkie told us you'd had a panic attack and collapsed, Rainbow and I both rushed up here as soon as we could."

"I... collapsed," I repeated, furrowing my brow, "that's all that happened?"

I didn't know what it was, but something told me there was much more to it than that. I could feel the beginning of a memory stirring in my mind, but the image wouldn't come, and the feeling disappeared as soon as it had come.

"What? Yeah, that's it," Rainbow replied with a raised eyebrow, "we didn't really know what to do, so we just kinda... put you in bed until you woke up again."

Something wasn't adding up here, but I couldn't figure out what it was. I was still groggy and couldn't focus my thoughts.

Then the nausea came.

"Bucket..."

"What?" Rainbow Dash asked in confusion, "bucket? What do you need a bucket—"

"I got it!" Pinkie cried, shoving Rainbow and the others out of the way, "sorry, Dashie, but this is an emergency!"

Pinkie pushed a small trashbin in front of me and I barely had time to grab ahold of it before the bile rising up my throat erupted from my mouth.

I ignored Rainbow's cry of disgust as I heaved into the bin over and over again. The others looked on in grim silence, some of them shifting uncomfortably and frowning with worry.

After what felt like an eternity, I spit out the last of the vomit and hoofed the bin back to Pinkie, who looked inside and gasped before quickly slamming a lid on top of it.

Without a word she completely sealed the lid of the trashbin shut with duct tape she pulled from somewhere and threw the bin into the closet nearby before slamming the door shut.

She turned to see all of us staring at her in confusion and chuckled nervously.

"It was... really gross?" she tried, shrugging her shoulders innocently, "you really don't want to see it, trust me."

"Well with a reaction like that I kind of do," Rainbow replied, taking a curious step forward, "was it really that—"

She paused at Pinkie's blank face stare.

"No, Dashie, you really don't."

Rainbow stared back at Pinkie for a moment before grunting and shuffling back to the bed.

"Alright, alright, sheesh," she muttered, "didn't really wanna see it that much. I mean, it's vomit."

I looked at Pinkie for a moment, then turned to the closet with a frown.

Was it really that gross?

...No, Pinkie's hiding something.

But what was she trying to hide? Just what did I puke up? I shook my head and grimaced in disgust. 

Maybe that was something I didn't need to know either.

Instead of worrying about it, I turned to Minuette, Lemon Hearts, and Twinkleshine. My thoughts were clearing enough for me to guess as to why they'd be here, but something was still bothering me.

"I can understand Pinkie and Rainbow," I began, looking between the three other unicorn mares, "but when did you three get here?"

The three of them gave each other uncertain glances before Lemon Hearts spoke up.

"We only just got here recently," she explained, "We... ah...," she glanced at Rainbow Dash before speaking again, "we were on our way here for the Summer Sun Celebration when we... er..."

"When we ran into Spike!" Minuette finished quickly, "he told us you started freaking out and that we needed to come quick."

"Wait, what?" I replied, furrowing my brow in utter bewilderment, "but... how is that... I thought Spike was—"

My eyes widened in realization and I swept a panicked gaze across the room.

"Where's Spike?" I asked, sitting up straight, "he was here with me and Pinkie, he was supposed to be asleep and... where is he?"

"Calm down, darling," Rarity said, pushing me back down onto the bed, "he's not here, but wherever he is, I'm sure he can take care of himself."

"Pinkie?" I asked, turning to the suddenly nervous looking earth pony, "you were here with us. He was asleep, wasn't he? What happened to him? When did he even wake up?"

"Gee, Twilight," Pinkie muttered, flicking her eyes over to Rainbow Dash, "I don't think—"

"I actually saw him leave," Rainbow Dash exclaimed, causing everypony to turn to her in surprise, "yeah, I just happened to be looking out one of the windows earlier and saw him walking away from the library."

She frowned and tilted her head slightly in thought.

"Don't know how he got outside without coming down the stairs and going through the door, but I figured you'd just sent him on some kind of errand for Twilight or something, Pinkie."

"Ah, that's right, I did!" Pinkie replied with a vigorous shake her head, "I nearly forgot I told him to pick up something special from Sugarcube Corner for Twilight as a get well present!"

"Huh," Rainbow replied with a shrug, "well I guess that explains why he left, but that still doesn't—"

"So how long ago was that?" I pushed, cutting Rainbow off, "shouldn't he be back by now?"

"He, uh... when we met him earlier he said he had something to take care of," Twinkleshine offered, "he said he'd be back by the time the Summer Sun Celebration started and not to worry."

"Wait what?" Rainbow asked, blinking in surprise, "but what about Twilight's present?"

"Nevermind that, Rainbow," I answered, "it's fine, whatever he's doing, it's probably more important."

A knot of dread was forming in my stomach.

Something was very wrong here, and I had no idea what it was. It was clear the others were all trying to hide something from Rainbow, but as long as she was listening, we weren't going to get anywhere.

There was something going on with Spike, and I think Pinkie knew what it was. Did Rarity wake him up, or did he wake up on his own? In either case, why did he leave? What was he doing?

I had to find a way to get Rainbow Dash out of the room so we could all talk without making her suspicious... but there was something else...

"Wait," I looked around and a small frown crossed my face, "where's Applejack and Fluttershy? I don't see them here either."

"Oh, them?" Rainbow replied airily, "they left not long after Spike did. Applejack said she had something important she had to go do and Fluttershy decided to go with," she paused, "now that I think about it, I'm pretty sure they were headed in the same direction as the little guy."

The knot of dread in my stomach tightened, then it tightened again as I caught sight of the uneasy glances the others gave one another.

That was it, I was done waiting.

I had a strong feeling something very bad was going to happen soon, and I needed to find out what it was before it was too late.

"Hey... Twi?" Rainbow asked worriedly, "you okay? You look a little—"

"Sleep, Rainbow Dash... now."

A dull thud echoed through the room as Rainbow's unconscious body hit the wooden floor. The others all breathed audible sighs of relief, but snapped back to attention as I spoke again, my hardened gaze passing over each of them in turn.


"Now... what happened?"
